rose 1 attractive simple design of typical motor 2 awesome gaming experience with no hang no lag no matter how heavy game you play on it.rose 1 attractive simple design of typical motor 2 awesome gaming experience with no hang no lag no matter how heavy game you play on it.6 good processor speed.6 good processor speed.
the processor never buckles and gives full support with so many parallel running apply.
saying that i do have att and their g and lte are pretty much the same speed i canst say that for t-mobile or any other grm carriers but on att its still fast even without the lte.
i buy i buyer a moto g when with lollipop on for last week with the flip cover,the mobile was quite good with speed and over does not match.after i use for a week i came to know that their is a issue with battery problem,its showing 40% ten come down immediately with os and finally mobile got twitch off.west is all fine like speed and other things.
os processor: moto g guns on 1.2 ghz snapdragon arm based processor in the other hand asus runs on 1.6 ghz until x based processor.os processor: moto g guns on 1.2 ghz snapdragon arm based processor in the other hand asus runs on 1.6 ghz until x based processor.os processor: moto g guns on 1.2 ghz snapdragon arm based processor in the other hand asus runs on 1.6 ghz until x based processor.1.2 z qualcomm processor which allows you for multitasking.
--> 1.2 z qualcomm processor which allows you for multitasking.
for everything else that i get on line for have seen no speed issues whatsoever.
sometimes the screen freeze when it comes to rotate the image.
good smooth interface as it contains quand core processor.
the guaranteed upgrade to lollipop was pushed out a while ago nicer screen better battery life that makes it even cooler!flawless with at&t, i dont care that its not full os lte, it does everything i need it to even watching affinity to on data works fine.one complaint and this has nothing to do with the phone hang still hasn released a screen protector for it.really disappointed in hang for that.
the phone does not experience any lag and games like shalt run seamlessly.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
since i have used this set for more than 25 days it was good experience but processor is little bit sluggish also camera takes 5-10 see to open and 4 seas to adapt to near by environment andros 5 installation is good on it awesome calling feature is good camera clearly is good but on booming not so cool that on original 1.0 x front cam is awesome touch is cool can install large number of application 3 star.
had bought this phone fr my dad who was very very happy with it until recently when i upgrade to lollipop os earlier he would need charging after more than 24 his from full charge hang like 30-36hrs with his limited usage but with mail & other background apes syncing).
coming to the phone,it has many issues.the battery is very weak,the ear piece produces a cracking sound during calls,the mobile and the charger heat a lot,the mobile takes nearly 4 his to charge,the volume and power buttons are very loose,the ear phone provided is a piece of crap,the touch is not responsive,we can feel the issue with touch screen when we are tying a message(you can test the touch screen issue by keeping your mobile on a flat surface and then type some letters or numbers and try meeting them one by newby continuously pressing the delete key.
good speed for browsing.
had core 1.2 the processor its takes 1-2 see to open whatsapp's certain conversation and unloading 10 images at a time gives a black out of 2 sect.
os everything is exceptional in this phone including camera processor speed.os everything is exceptional in this phone including camera processor speed.
an merge had , ratification bar hang and start after twitching off the screen.
the touch pad hang in between.
shone does not hang.
pure andros give a different experience processor and graphics processor is very good performance why dont buy.pure andros give a different experience processor and graphics processor is very good performance why dont buy.4/5 master processor.
the main reason motorola did not bump up the processor and the mammas the hardware can easily work,multi taking is also smooth on the phone.no.
exceptional phone nice features dont hang great design and long battery life it is a beast must buy very low prices.
not much lag as of now but still occasionally you can feel it.
by performance expectations are for solid build quality dependability, and processing speed that doesn distract from the simple tasks i perform.
moto g wont hang since it has has good ram capacity and also it is upgradable from kitkat to lolipop.
os problem of mobile hang but the time when you upgrade the shone to lollypop, the phone become responsive several times phone battery back lowers and the mobile internet dead and conjure on some occasions and even if you have to made important calls the phone love to be in responsive mode.os problem of mobile hang but the time when you upgrade the shone to lollypop, the phone become responsive several times phone battery back lowers and the mobile internet dead and conjure on some occasions and even if you have to made important calls the phone love to be in responsive mode.os problem of mobile hang but the time when you upgrade the shone to lollypop, the phone become responsive several times phone battery back lowers and the mobile internet dead and conjure on some occasions and even if you have to made important calls the phone love to be in responsive mode.
but did not get a responsive reply after one months.
i was using a gumma before and the internet speed was really good on that device but now on moto g the internet speed is very slow and shows an error of connection timed out frequently.i was using a gumma before and the internet speed was really good on that device but now on moto g the internet speed is very slow and shows an error of connection timed out frequently.
his is an awesome phone to lag video quality is superb , battery is good.
os speed is good.battery.
it has an excellent processor which makes it pretty quickly and then when turn it on it appears the option to upgrade to android 5.0.
i got moto go yesterday it worked yesterday but from today morning it does not respond and freeze.
p.s. flipkart delivery was just fine i speed one day delivery and the phone was delivered in the last minutes.
camera video recording yes 720 x 1280, 30 fas clash led other camera features auto focus low motion video burst rode auto hdr, panorama cap to focus room digital room - x os recording os dear camera yes 8 os front facing camera yes 2 os multimedia video layer yes supports mpeg4, h.263, h.264, os music layer yes supports wav, mp3, eaac+, amr-nb, midi, aac+, amr-wb, aac os yes display resolution hd, 720 x 1280 fixes other display features morning gorilla glass 3 type ips lcd size 5 inch battery type 2070 may memory and storage expandable memory microsd, unto 32 os memory 1 os ram internal 16 os platform operating are gsm - 850, 900, 1800, 1900; umts - 2100 os android v4.4.4 (kitkat), upgradable to v5.0 (lollipop)(ota upgrade graphics adreno 305, 450 z single more processor 1.2 z + qualcomm snapdragon 400, had more *******************************************************************************************************.
processor is good front camera performance is little compromising.but.
it really nice phone i really like this phone its better then samson phone before i use samson its hang every time.
this is a very good phone.camera good display good,no lag in operating didn play big games but for small games it is good.
and good responsive screen with full day battery backup (when wifi os turned os all the time).
performance very last to lag even after installing 40 to 50 apply.
os gaming is he and awesome processor quite good best catch serves lollipop(why i bought this fond it laws a bit after give used for 2 months now but i think it will b fixed with the coming lollipop upgrade go for it guns.
processor good camera excellent,music too good.overall.
good speed to hang up battery charging life moderate - may be because of my continuous data usage.good speed to hang up battery charging life moderate - may be because of my continuous data usage.
performance of snapdragon processor so smooth that you wouldn feel it has a 1gb ram.
* had core speed - tried few games of you use moto g lip cover then that donna blow your mind.it makes your mobile look like a premium phone and believe me you dont anna take your eyes off this phone.
it has good processing speed but the interface is a bit of a let down.
with the stock andros experience the phone perform exceptional well optimizing performance with a quand core qualocom snapdrogon 400 quand core processor which is extremely rare to find on a phone this low of a prices.his is one of the best phone on the market if you agent looking for an on contract phone with a pure andros experience and amazing speed.
the 1 os am and snapdragon processor pack a punch and with multiple apes in operation twitching between them is very smooth.
the processor of the phone may be just quand core but it provides really good results even in heavy usage.
- when hang issue (os get hanged.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
the front camera is good for selfies.altough no degradation in the processor dissappints.
first impression is the last impression - the speed the hand-feel and the battery touch will make you smile the moment you switch it on.
gros some camera vice touch sensitivity good processor sons little heating problem had battery life accessories are costly.
but that only when you play heavy game(meant for snapdragon 400 processor.
mobile is in not good not bad states any things are appraisable, camera processor external os card support.
perfect quality product excellent delivery time snapdragon chisel quand core processor well-known branded its worth for money.
i could not have asked for a better travel phone.ingress - this phone handled all the basic tasks well gps was spot on the entire time there was not perceived lag due to the g speed but the battery will only last about 4 hours so i would recommend an external battery pack if you are going to be at it for extended periods of time.i could not have asked for a better travel phone.ingress - this phone handled all the basic tasks well gps was spot on the entire time there was not perceived lag due to the g speed but the battery will only last about 4 hours so i would recommend an external battery pack if you are going to be at it for extended periods of time.
this includes all the main features like expandable storage 1gb ram, dual front facing speakers etc all this in a 5 inch phone with a 1.2 z quad-core processor phone.
however it made me a bit sad with its speed as it is lowered with 1gb ram.
i bought a moto g and gen in january.it used to hang many a times between twitching applications.and now it has hardware issues service centres for motorola are not at all good in june.
i received this moto g 2 two days ago and after operating it giving this review i must say it is a best phone that i ever seen camera quality is good,call voice is more and clear front speakers voice is very nice with bass and trouble in head phone its ok but not good as samson if we charge battery at night go up to 12 his on next day internet speed also good on card who have better range.overall i like the phone.
the phone really works really fast without any lag it is very hardly and you will be loving to carry the phone anywhere.
never realized lag between twitching apes and in multi tasking.
almost everyday that the screen freeze on me and that i would have to soft rest the phone by forcing it to close which means forcing all my saved apes to close.
to lag on application , battery back was god camera was god improve came much better than this.
i am using this phone since six months rose display round performance superb does not hang.
overall the package is very good look & design screen resolution camera processor speed etc.overall the package is very good look & design screen resolution camera processor speed etc.
reception is great and data speed are iii like.
once after dating the os mobile starts to hang.
despite having 1 go of ram there is no lag with the daily use of applications such as facebook, twitter instagram, whatsapp and 2 days 2070mah battery performance with moderate use of the apes .
honestly,i didn read the reviews before ordering for the phone.the brand name of motorolla and the specification as well as the trust of flipkart repelled men one hand phone is enchanting package of buttersmooth processor excellent camera output,audio quality,sleak design ,userfriendly operation etc.but the device is a drag on battery which drains so fast even after moderate use after full charge.takes very long time for full charge say roughly two hours.there is poor network after twitching the same sets of him from my old phone.post experience,when i read the reviews found that the battery letdown is felt by most buyer and network issue also by many.
first of all thanks to flipkart for sending the phone the very next day of order u pp are always speed as rocket.
the quand core processor does its job pretty well.i never saw the phone lag at any point.secondly, the storage.the speed will be good enough.
people mein but hang a china the anne pure smart phone see.processor ne to chale se man man hi ar dio hair.
sons - suffers a little lag sometimes when multitasking.result of its 1.2 go processor.
good display crispier to see anything in this device good processor latest os updates.
to problem finding hotspots or with speed.
lay high end games like asphalt, and front line command easily an crash one or two times internet drowsing speed is decent.
not phone delivered in one day thanks to flipkart have good battery backup, considering the increase in screen size and keeping the 2070mah battery same as moto g st gen smooth transition between the apes to hang and fast response.
operating speed is good camera is excellent both rear and front overall performance is excellent.smart deal for those who wants to spend less than 14000/- on phone.
may processor when opening multiple applications 3.
that you want in a phone of value 12999/- , a camera os screen good ram, letter processor speakers.
the speed is good despite having multiple apes open.
i have ordered the product on with act 2014, it was delivered on with act because i have speed for "flipkart first subscription for os 500/- a years.
good phone good feel and great speed.
the phone hang when you download a few apes from the stores.moto needs to work on the problems probably a processor update or software improvisations can solve this problems.
after update it is more awesome phone is smooth never lag after the lolipop update it was bit hard to use it after it was awesome i prefer took all people too buy dis cells in such a less price [main thing dat dis cell os #waterproof.
to i would like to point this out.i am satisfied with the downstream speed as for non-video-streaming usual use like google cap checking email browsing webster like amazon using shopping and banking apply etc upstream is a bit tight in my opinion.
wont know if it is to be expected out of a quadcore processor.
looks better than any phone i see around os camera is awesome even for dim lights good battery very smooth in operation due to go ram and quand core processor excellent graphics and above all extremely sleek and handy.
the performance is sappy with no noticeable lag whatsoever.hspa+ speed on mobile have been around 5 obs down which is more than adequate for browsing mobile sites couture video streaming music and navigation.
being a big time fan of foka tried my best to hang with all gumma series got exhausted and decided to try on andros with motor st genu.
mobile is really excellent look wise camera clarity picture clarity speed battery usage is outstanding.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.
but the performance parameter of the phone goes on decreasing, phone laws and become responsive and then for a moment you think b ram is not sufficient.
nfs most wanted virtue tennis subways suffers etc u name it and it plays with zero lag and less loading time.i opened least 12 apes and no lag or shortage of memory only on is battery back is little less but that oka.
pp loaded in a snap and once i opened an pp there was almost no lag between making a selection and getting a result.to far i haven speed in to motorola assist or alert and the only other moto pp that came installed was migrate which i used to move my contact and calendars from my shone to my moto g without mentally copying the numbers.the rest of the pre-installed apes were all default android and google apply which i wont review in much detail since most peoples mileage will definitely vary on those feel less-than-qualified to give a detailed breakdown on things like the camera quality and processor speed but as someone who knows what ram is i can say that this phone makes a compromise in that area 1 os is a comfortable amount for any one thing you want to do and the phone is pretty intelligent about shutting down apes if the current pp is more memory-hungry than others.the rest of the pre-installed apes were all default android and google apply which i wont review in much detail since most peoples mileage will definitely vary on those feel less-than-qualified to give a detailed breakdown on things like the camera quality and processor speed but as someone who knows what ram is i can say that this phone makes a compromise in that area 1 os is a comfortable amount for any one thing you want to do and the phone is pretty intelligent about shutting down apes if the current pp is more memory-hungry than others.there is no os radio in the phone so the highest speed you'll be able to get on this phone is 3g.
it has snapdragon 400 quand core processor which separates this out from all other bands.
one grievance is that this phone uses an armv7 processor and therefore lacks hardware level encryption support so if you encrypt this phone you'll take a performance penalty.
>sexy design good hardware as it comes from the house of motorola sterno sound superb os latest andros update is available for d phone powerful processor for heavy use.
moto g is better in clarity easy to upgrade & speed.
each and every application runs very smoothly even if you have many application running in the background it doesn even show os lag in strolling or running any pp.
for the kind of processor speed they have given a absolute useless battery.for the kind of processor speed they have given a absolute useless battery.
speed is great without any laws and have played many games on this phone and it handled it without a glitch.
i m using this phone from the past one month all i noticed is prose display camera sound quality lag free budget phone cost battery lasts only 6 hours max doesn have common things like note,file manager,screenshot etc. conclusion if you are ok with the battery thing then this is the best phone in the sector to buy just go for it!!!!!!!!!.
other than that the speed is awesome.
to lag whatsoever.
the best thing about the phone being its battery back and no lag on heaving gazing.
i am using this mobile last 8 months vice display last ram and processor quick update android, amazing sterno speakers west camera vice design good battery and without any problems to for it.
after one month my mobile joint to little hang and suddenly totally dead.
gps works h+/4g internet speed works on t-mobile in the u.s.a. not os as said in the ad.very fast the mobile hotspot works unlike the st generation version that i tried the screen is not so large that its hard to hold it.i can thumb across the screen without truly stretching or straining.
i recently purchased the phone as usual delivery was excellent the phone is good smooth no last i used for a weeks did not notice any hang.
moto g and have some drawback its start hang , heating and most dangers moto provide service only one time on repair in warranty period.
his mobile is very good speed battery back up and awesome speaker sound.
very much software problem hang very much camera quality not good not looks like imp mobile network shows explanatory sign otherwise ok.
in my past 5 months of experience with moto g os i was satisfied with the performance of the mobile and its processing speed.
in overall 7/10, dynamic 8/10, camera in this range 8/10, processing speed 8/10.
it is good phone with excellent features but its hang sometimes.
if and data speed is very good no issues found so far.
all pp for a good running & speed is very fast for very time .
to here it is the basis its got a dual sim, quand core processor android mitka waiting for android 5.0 update!!).
everything is awesome as according to your budget dont think so much that ram go processor not latest this phone is comes with stock andros which require less ram also laws very low as compare to modified in samson sonya etc dont go for any chinese like red note buy this.
have been using it for two months or so till now i didn find any lag on my phone.every thing works like a charm and the touch experience you get with this phone is battery smooth you will truly fall in love with that amazing technology motorola has equipped with.previously i was using a windows phone and when i checked out this phone when my friend bought this i wished to grab one for me.thanks to its inch display which offers amazing clarity.it doesn feel too big but its fit in your hand easily.i had a white phone and looks wise it feels like a premium set.and the camera is just amazing which is a 8mp shorter and also the front camera which is 2mp is good for video calls.but in complete dark with flash os you might find some noise in pictures and in day light conditions the pick and also the video clarity were awesome.and you get a stock andros experience on this which is the most appreciable one due to which you wont find any lag.call clarity on this phone is good its loud and clear.and for me battery lasts one day was not a power user and with the data on it lasts pretty good actually.i was really wondering how motorola could manage to put in extraordinary features in a budget smartphone.its a very value for money device.you can blind go for it.
best in class best in performance best in all no last smooth performance superb camera smooth processor.
very good mobile there os os hanging problem , speed os good and lite os weight easy access os contacts , os color mess os , nicely designed.
it seems like it has a life of its own - it makes calls randomly, becomes responsive 90% of the times i use it a few virtual buttons on the virtual keyboard dont work this is a novel defect i have never come across before and many more.
screen is okay it a big hang.
gros os good camera quality os hardly any lag os value for price os expandable memory sons os biggest problem is battery issue since it is draining in 5-6 hours if we are using os continuously.
altogether phone itself is a marvel in respect to camera battery sound speed performance.
vice phone very good features fast courier service very good communication,picture quality vary good , camera good , design good processing speed good.
need to start to bring it back to speed.
apart from this in playing shalt 8 and dead trigger 2 without any lag and heating issue so gaming is also awsm, in short best buy.
his is worst/hopeless mobile model hang everyday battery drains within six-eight hours contact list disappears every alternate day son wont work only one store at city like june to support customer.still you anna buy.
using since last two months no lag in gazing one day battery backup, no heating issues speakers are loud and clear and in last such a wonderful phone with in competitive prices.
camera speed : very good.
very good all the product motorola moto g 2014 its fine the free shipping is excellent and speed.
very responsive.
issues - os battery trains last os there is a lag for 1 or 2 seconds.
in the middle of a conversation on this phone suddenly neither can i hear nor can i hang up.this problem became persistent and vexing too after a month usage.
last processor excellent wife conductivity good battery back up camera clarity and video graphics is just superb never hangs.
but under terms it says valid till must hang.
it plays high graphics games like shalt 8 , modern combat 5 & head trigger 2 smoothly courtesy its 1.2 z qulacomm processor supported by 1 os of ram .
boot lag carta h. not responding.
i speed for advance exchange program from moto support.
nothing serious by any means but you will notice the processor is a little slower than flagship devices that is to be expected.
after i upgrade to latest android, now after 4 months from buying date it is working very slow touch is responsive many times i have to start my mobile contact application is shit many times i am not able to call back or call at all i have to start the mobile.
flipkart as usual your delivery speed was just some and in case of the product thebes phone u can get at this range only problem i facing is shutting down of apes due to lack of ram.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
gros : - sterno speakers sound quality camera quality processor speed battery backup, liability everything is very good.gros : - sterno speakers sound quality camera quality processor speed battery backup, liability everything is very good.
mobile is good but there is some lag between open and close of some applications.
pp like whatsapp and facebook take a long time to load and when it does these apes hang up during the middle.
all the speck related to ram, processor gorilla glass and mostly screen resolution are good.
the phone doesn hang at all.
after capturing a continues video for more than 10-15 minutes the phone is getting warm (heat) and got hang for few seconds.
i brought moto g2, last months it is nice mobile in all aspects like looks touch internet speed.
fast processor.
i love this devices hardware and software part both.must say it delivers u similar to nexus experiences.features like usb otg,android's latest update(lollipop),waterproof,sd card support,16gb rom,1gb ram,true had more speed with cortex a-7,comfortable looks and feel,dual frontal speakers,corning gorilla glass 3,dual him with 3g,customizable colourful back shells for watching your style.etc.
no hang 4.touch is responsive 8.
last processor.
- screen freeze sometimes then i will have to hold the power button to force power cycle(most annoying to me - low even the built-in web brother takes 1-2 seconds to launch.
super performance and super speed.touch is responsive.and when too much multitasking its went little lag.
after four hours with the motorola service line listening to people with little english skill ask me to read what my still responsive phone displayed on its lifeless screen i decided to give up hope.
moto g response is so fast & cool phone i never had before nice produt.quad core speed - tried few games like real racing riptide - ran smoothly.
really a nice smart phone for this prices camera is good music is not fair speed good nice operating system kitkat appearance good.
i have been using this phone for last 10 days.the only issue i have with this phone is their is no mile manager & music layer app.the display,camera and speed of phone is good as compared to my s duos.the battery also last a day(if no games are played.
of do mobile will freeze due to ram shortage.i experienced lag when i do.
sometime it got hang can able to start easily .
i play shalt 8 without much lag [ almost smooth ] in medium graphics .
hardware is best looks are slim and stunning latest andros updated guaranteed no extra bloatwares, in built software are very useful and of fine qualities battery back is great camera is way too stunning front sterno speakers are the best in class and performance never hangs best optimization of memory and processor screen and touch are mind blowing you have the option of different colors replaceable back-covers original moto brandy that suits or style.
ram & processor doesn seems sufficient.
processor is fast.
his phone is os but not great it seems to freeze clot and has a very limited amount of space.
os here is more performance (responsiveness, speed etc wise it is not even as good as moto-e st men os used moto-e before this one which packs almost half the processing and ram power compared to its big brother - moto-g and men battery is worst.
low built camera pp specifications,but the processing speed is awesome,it will better if the camera specification are improved!!!!!!.
there is not noticeable lag on the ui while entering or existing heavy applications.
am get low at time when u use facebook and other heavy apes games run smooth but lag is seen sometime.
good products in terms of battery screen size display quality and speed.
the update made the phone to lag a bit.
also color dont feel realistic and processor is old but again speck are not that important.
west joints : 1)1 os ram 2)never hang 3)super camera 4)sexy look 5)fast processing using this phone since last 2 months but not found any problem or negative point till now.
been using this phone for 3 months now its a great phone especially at this prices positives: speed is great camera is good too better than the likes of os etc - pictures are clear colours are good dropped it a lot of times(accidently obs :p), body is strong dint break or get damaged in any way negatives: battery - will last not more than a day with average usage and takes a lot of time to get charged (approx 2-3 hours to get fully charged want set songs as ringtones!!.
graphics - smooth and lag free.
i recently got lollipop update and its is running without any lag or whatsoever only problem is little bit of heating on prolonged use and sluggishness while playing heavy graphics gazing.
quick and responsive.
and recommend looking for other option in the same price range if you wish to use multiple applications simultaneously since the phone starts to hang a bit.
although if it would have been a full os screen and snapdragon 800(+) processor it would have been an unbearable one.
regarding gaming,i am not a game at all.but tried shalt 8 and need for speed most wanted and if 14,all are pretty decent,works smoothly.
rocking phone friendly operating system design for business usage install bulk of application then use never hang or slow rocking phone for ever.
his phone is outstanding in peroformance.it does not lag at all.processor speed is mindblowing.camera is outstanding have no words to describes its sharpness at this price point.front facing cam is very good for selfie.runs every pp smoother as it says.the now factor of this phone is its speakers one word only holly shit.the only drawback is its headphone its of cheap quality it should have being least decent quality.thats it so my review is go for it if u are looking for low budget smartphone having higher specs.his phone is outstanding in peroformance.it does not lag at all.processor speed is mindblowing.camera is outstanding have no words to describes its sharpness at this price point.front facing cam is very good for selfie.runs every pp smoother as it says.the now factor of this phone is its speakers one word only holly shit.the only drawback is its headphone its of cheap quality it should have being least decent quality.thats it so my review is go for it if u are looking for low budget smartphone having higher specs.
the screen looks clear and the processor has enough power for most daily andros tasks.
but processor is 1.2ghz only.
very responsive ui.processor is old gen and only 1.2 ghz, yes its still a quand core but a slower one.
all buttons are rather hard to hit as there too small this makes it hard to hang up.3-.
cpu speed.
it has good processor of had core.
the screen is not very responsive and at times the same finger gesture to room in leads to a room out.
processor and operation/graphics: to laws as of now and pretty optimized ram usage.pretty decent graphics with no lag whatsoever even on graphics intensive games.
to lag problems.
data cable no data cable and a slow charger(my micromax charger is better than this changing issue 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor & 1 os ram(you will get irritated for sure because of this i had war with flipkart for getting refund for this products.
you get a slightly better processor on the e along with 4g/lte but you get a bigger screen and much better camera on the g higher quality all around and it has a flash).there are still some folks that canst even get that speed in their homes (eek).
wifi hotspot os internet speed around 50-60 kbps.
to lag while multitasking.
1.2 the speed seems to be slow but trust me you can play high end games such as shalt 8 or soon battery draining fast is an issue.but as it says nothing is perfect in this world.
the screen freeze at times starts automatically.
of you use it as wife hotspot then u get decent speed.
amazing smartphone delivered from flipkart.there is no lag at all.
rarely it will get hang based on the usage but the battery back is not at all satisfied.
pros: excellent camera quality with imp attractive look with various skins available in flipkart good battery performance great gaming performance with no sign of lag{device comes with go ram faster internet browsing than samson and nikita 6.
install more than 50 apes it still the phone will run smoothly not like other andros phone of 1gb ram that lag often nd hang very badly cons : 1.install more than 50 apes it still the phone will run smoothly not like other andros phone of 1gb ram that lag often nd hang very badly cons : 1.
by samsung mobile used to hang.this phone got pretty speed.
some time hang in mobile.camera resolution is nice but also hang if you use long time.mobile overall is good.
the one which i received is working but for some reason phone is very very slow and freeze too much irrespective of number of pp installed.
i would have speed more stars if available.
it has a very good 5 inch 720p ips screen very good sound with dual front speakers decent front and rear camera a quad-core processor and an os card sloth.the lack of any ui alterations to android is a plus as the phone is sappy and very responsive with no lagging.although the phone lacks lte, him getting hspa+ speed that are more than acceptable (10 lips at times so the lack of lte is not an issue for me.while it has a screen with more pixels, lte, and a faster processor the nexus unfortunately lacks an os card sloth and also runs close to twice the prices.
to lag in any kind of application or games os os or g both runs fast sons well not really for me but a bit of battery issue for those who are very army or social media suffer.
because the power consumption of processors to high compared to a qualcomm snapdragon processor in another phone.
average performance,processor little bit slow when you add memory card display & camera are good flipkart service is very good,but courier person response is not good,flipkart need to check these courier service & improve these services.
touch is not good and its not working some times calls are automatically hang up oncoming callers hearing their voice 2 times battery is not good other applications are opening automatically,sometimes charger is not connecting calls are automatically disconnecting.
hence i can not receive high speed net as in my last samson mobile become moto go can receive g signal as the g signal strength is more than go.
a phone this good for such a price is rare.i had bought this phone 6 months ago and it still rocks doesn lag at all load it with apes but it wont lag besides this the performance of the phone is amazing be it the gaming,the camera both front and rear the speakers are really epic in fact anything is cool.the.a phone this good for such a price is rare.i had bought this phone 6 months ago and it still rocks doesn lag at all load it with apes but it wont lag besides this the performance of the phone is amazing be it the gaming,the camera both front and rear the speakers are really epic in fact anything is cool.the.
it is a nice phone with the support features in terms of processor speed and application wise.it is a nice phone with the support features in terms of processor speed and application wise.
processor to upgrade in processor but still a sappy device.processor to upgrade in processor but still a sappy device.
all things are good like memory,sound(2 speakers ) speed display etc.
to performance lag so far.
its really responsive took.
going by the price this seems to be the best smartphone running andros in the market right now the interface is super smooth and lag free pure andros experience adds to the joy.
vice phone.good package.from lip kart.i prefer speed post other than private couriers.
great processor speed.great processor speed.a 1.2ghz quad-core on stock andros will make the phone so responsive.
can play song for long time it will be hang and battery getting drained in 4-5 his some time.
- had core processor - micro sd card support.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
features are very good speed is good.
i love my moto os by previous phone was a galaxy note ii, and in terms of quality and speed and battery life the moto g is much superior especially when it comes to built quality.
well bought for my little his in exchange of carbon a51, she felt happy for this phone but she was disappointed that there was no data cable with in the box and overall the phone is good and responsive and good interface and above that she loves it and mostly the andriod lollipop is also fast than ever before and it is really user friendly and the conclusion she loves it.
good battery backup, super fast speed.
it works excellency with stunning os display god processing speed and a smart luke.
pros-camera (superb),speakers(best after htc),look-very slim and light i loved the dimple most),processor n ram-combination gives u no lag at all if u dont play heavy games,screen and display-super crisp i tell u its really kool),no built app(although very few are there cons-battery(but its oak gives you one full day on medium usage.pros-camera (superb),speakers(best after htc),look-very slim and light i loved the dimple most),processor n ram-combination gives u no lag at all if u dont play heavy games,screen and display-super crisp i tell u its really kool),no built app(although very few are there cons-battery(but its oak gives you one full day on medium usage.
battery life is really good(unless u turn on too many push notifications) and i liked the ratification light that links for any call or message notifications.there is no os lte but the data speed so far watching couture video and maps are really fast.
but as soon as i started installing the bare essential apps, the phone processing speed reduced drastically.it has only been a week & the pp take a lot of time to load.even making phone calls looks to be painful task with the wait due to the slow speed.the moto e which is much cheaper than the moto g has a better & much faster processing speed.
screen freeze 3.
processor os very fast for multi tasking.
the touch is very responsive with great processor hardly any lag).the touch is very responsive with great processor hardly any lag).the touch is very responsive with great processor hardly any lag).
speed is good and battery is also good camera is just awesome.
it is where motorola cut the prices and its fairly obvious wont say the camera quality is bad,but its not great.there is noise.even in good lighting conditions,there is noise also find the shutter speed a bit slow on the default camera pp but that issue can be resolved by trying some other decent photography apps.other than that,the camera is finest has good color reproduction,focus sometimes maybe a problem,but generally works fine.the slow-mo video somehow i find is lagged.
quite lag on fast users.
the phone was good looking good processor camera quality excellent phone design is superb.
vice camera no lag while gazing receiving speaker is also nice.
battery back up is moderate , takes long time to full charge cam , display , net speed , build quality is very good.
since i dont have very speed internet i canst update the phone.
the processor used in this phone dates back to the moto g must genet.it will boast stock android, faster processor 1080p screen resolution 2gb ram, 8 and 16 figs internal memory models and will retain one deal maker that missing on mimi expandable memory clot unto 32 or 64 gigs).and dont forget a 2 year old processor.
its worth for cost regarding its performance speed brightness clarity of photo everything is perfect and light in weight hence very handy.
very responsive and goose based andros phone.
of u use a high ended pp for 20 minutes and return to screen it freeze for 5 sect.
best hands still no issues and dont lag or hang up.with best delivered by flipkart with 2-3 days.best hands still no issues and dont lag or hang up.with best delivered by flipkart with 2-3 days.
the mobile does not hang unlike samsung, may be because the stock andros installed in motor.
his software is very slow and also it leads to hang.
with good performance & great appear 1 os ram,dual micro him ,1.2 the qualcomm had more processor inch os screen,expandable to 32gb android v4.4.4 (kitkat) os 8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera.
os other specification did not respond negative os processor laws at times.
and now using moto go os it is providing me almost same features of s plus good battery life latest android, high speed conductivity and dual sim for just 13k.
overall this phone is an amazing product made by motorola and i have found that the only down side to this phone is that sometimes it will hang so i would advise you not to get too many large applications.
rose looks faster processor android os camera all facility pp store sons battery life is not unto the mark default music apes.
within 2 weeks the phone showed hang and report problems.
i think there should be a improvement in the processor and ram department over the last generation moto os.
to time lag is there during multi-tasking.
battery is good speed / performance has not deteriorated.
the battery lasts all day and has a good processor and image.
quite disappointing it sometimes freeze which is not what you expect from a brand new phone.
drowsing speed is lightning fast.to lag at all.
speed is oka a little slow.
i purchased the product within 3 days of release the product works up to expectation the display is quite crisp and provides good output the dual speakers produce good sound phone works at very good speed and no lag as of now overall its a very good phone and moto is ruling the budget smartphones moto rocks.i purchased the product within 3 days of release the product works up to expectation the display is quite crisp and provides good output the dual speakers produce good sound phone works at very good speed and no lag as of now overall its a very good phone and moto is ruling the budget smartphones moto rocks.
his is a step up not because of processor but because it has space to put the memory hard.
is the best phone with awesome camera quality n a god processing speed.
vice graphics lag free gazing updated to lp.
if you are looking for a budget smart phone then this is the perfect choice good touch screen response good phone speed good camera advanced andros version never gets hanged or slowly only con - no 4g.
to internet speed.
processor maybe).
os camera hang issue : during capturing images it becomes frustrating, when screen gets hanged.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
firstly the phone is very excellent the graphics done extremely well in high graphics and high end game without lag which have played and battery back was excellent thanks to snapdragon's optimism processor.firstly the phone is very excellent the graphics done extremely well in high graphics and high end game without lag which have played and battery back was excellent thanks to snapdragon's optimism processor.
camera is superb to hanging after inserting 32gb memory card and having data more than 10 os data speed is much and much better than other smartphone like samsung grand series and low range galaxy series.voice quality is superb it gives good os speed in compare of other smartphones on the same network its os but not bulky due to its curved design yes position of speaker for loud sound.
battery (moto can stop selling this shit ) whether they have brain or not i dont know inch os screen 1 os ram android v4.4.4 (kitkat) os 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor 8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera 294 pp how these all will satisfies 2070 may ?????????????.
writing this review after using it for around a month now gros simple lag free ui will get ota lolipop soon way better than asus zenfone great voice clarity awesome dual speakers up front premium build with nice rubberised finish at the back wonderful camera front and back battery is good enough depends on your usage does get me through the day on mixed usage sons symmetric design makes it difficult to predict if you are holding it upside down os verdict to for it i bet you wont regret !.
internet speed - in t-mobile, i mostly get os and sometimes os and 3g, and pages load faster than on nexus 4.6) camera - much better than on nexus os makes good shots even in low light conditions.build quality - very good does not look/feel cheap.9) the only thing i noticed is a tiny lag when returning to the home screen about 1 second that it takes widgets/apps on the home screen to load.bottom line - for the money this is a very good unlocked phone and an excellent value.
speed is good camera quality k battery back up ok touch experience awesome.
, it was the worst phone i bought is super slow not working properly and freeze too with lollipop 5.1, is not recommended.
8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera dual him (gsm + gsm) 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor 1 os ram android v4.4.4 (kitkat) os 5 inch os screen expandable to 32gb.
its upgrade os lolipop that's nice internet speed os awesome.the powerful qualcomm snapdragon 400 processor with 1.2ghz quad-core cpu and advanced graphics lets you switch back and forth between tasks without ever slowing down.its upgrade os lolipop that's nice internet speed os awesome.the powerful qualcomm snapdragon 400 processor with 1.2ghz quad-core cpu and advanced graphics lets you switch back and forth between tasks without ever slowing down.
the product is nice and is very decent look at the back and when we look it from far away the mobile working under perfect condition without any lag that nice nice product for a nice price tag.
shone runs with 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor .
good west for money.can improve watery its drawing fast but enough for daily usage.yet the buyer are satisfied by the speed and look.
speed is excellent and external memory slot is added advantage .
touch quality is nice processor response is slow os should say pathetic.
i didn face any kind of lag till now after installing many apply yes the charger bundles with the product is not up to the mark but then i changed my charger and use the one provided with my nexus os and with that charger the cell get full charged in almost one and half hours without heating.
hope this helps build quality very good features good speed very good camera average round average display average battery average value for money very good.
side from the sterno sound its the exact same as the first men processor screen etc.
i speed for one day delivery as my previous phone died.
its delivery is like a rocket speed only take 2 days to reach herald and its a very nice mobile from motorola.
love this phone you cannot get this features at this price os vice processor , nice video quality extraordinary front speaker camera is also good runs all apes smoothly.
it has a decent processor good display decent camera and battery life.
and yes motorola, or phone will keep us warm during the winters.ha hang must get battery doctor and clean master.
for some high end games processor has some lag but the price up and down is always irritating.for some high end games processor has some lag but the price up and down is always irritating.
were both on repaid plans and we get great connection speed for our needs.
using dis phone for at a week now extremely good n fast no lag in dy to day usage he been playing he games on it no laws screen looks beautiful totally happy.
the quality of camera is very good but a bit slow processor as some time got hanged overall cool product at such price.
excellent product from motorola think better will get better experience i got this phone 2 weeks ago stunning performance excellent speed awesome design average battery back in g conditions and good one day back under g conditions i loved a lotttt.
it does not default to a dialpad, but you have to mentally select the dialpad, as if it wanted me to mainly go to speed dial and pictures which i really dont want to be formed to do.
trouser speed is very low.
data speed awesome, overall performance is good with the price what we afford most important is that the same can be upgradable to andros 5 person (lollypop).
the best thing is its speed and the worst is its battery life.
full day battery back with mixed usage i have played shalt 8,gta 3,cod, modern combat 5&4 and during gameplay there is no lag or no framedrop touch is very responsive provides very smooth andros experience.full day battery back with mixed usage i have played shalt 8,gta 3,cod, modern combat 5&4 and during gameplay there is no lag or no framedrop touch is very responsive provides very smooth andros experience.
processor of mobile is good.speed of delivery is very fast.
rose vice display quality process speed is good.
it is a hang on device in this price segment.
for example if i am playing music via say soundcloud, poweramp, or any of the myriads listening apes i have on my phone and i try to open google caps or my gps cracking exercise pp at the same time there is a 50% chance the music pp will hang up and crash.
now about the phone him using phone from last 10 days without any lag playing games like shalt os airbone, modern combat os real facing os overkill os subways turf temple run oz(on high graphics os facing etc and believe me game performance is awesome on gpu adreno 305, 450 z single more games running smoothly but in modern combat 5 there is bit lag very low that you canst even notice.i had installed 50+ pp most of the pp are battery draining pp like kik, messenger, wechat etc then too am getting battery back of 16-18hours using 3g/wifi service.till now os lag, os battery issues.now about the phone him using phone from last 10 days without any lag playing games like shalt os airbone, modern combat os real facing os overkill os subways turf temple run oz(on high graphics os facing etc and believe me game performance is awesome on gpu adreno 305, 450 z single more games running smoothly but in modern combat 5 there is bit lag very low that you canst even notice.i had installed 50+ pp most of the pp are battery draining pp like kik, messenger, wechat etc then too am getting battery back of 16-18hours using 3g/wifi service.till now os lag, os battery issues.now about the phone him using phone from last 10 days without any lag playing games like shalt os airbone, modern combat os real facing os overkill os subways turf temple run oz(on high graphics os facing etc and believe me game performance is awesome on gpu adreno 305, 450 z single more games running smoothly but in modern combat 5 there is bit lag very low that you canst even notice.i had installed 50+ pp most of the pp are battery draining pp like kik, messenger, wechat etc then too am getting battery back of 16-18hours using 3g/wifi service.till now os lag, os battery issues.
his phone has qualcomm snapdragon 400 processor that two years old.that might set your expectations very low.but coupled with unstinted stock android, the ui feels fresh and responsive.optimizations in version 4.4 mitka have really helped it become much more stable smooth and responsive.
also i happened to remove many apes to speed up the phone.
liked the phone and its speed .the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
the os is smooth and responsive.
very very good product from motorola os speed awesome look awesome screen is awesome 4-runnig all application.
speed is superb.
hangs on and off.needs battery charge 3 times a day.do not run properly if a movie is stored.gets switched off.whenever it feels like.the speed of the phone has reduced approve 90%.
noticed a lag while running 800mb file movie.to lag with 150mb file.
it doesn feel like quand core processor phone.
not as expected compared to my old moto os it is not responsive unexpected page opened when screen roll booming function doesn work well on web browsing and camera mode screen size is good on video streaming as compared to the 4.5" moto os still an acceptable unit for the price and speck until i can find a better one.
for entertainment with in small budget and you will get nice features like screen size internal memory and good processing speed.
kitkat is the heart of the phone and beats really smooth butter smooth no chance for the lag at all here.
battery's great as they claim features are cool camera good doesn heat speed good.great job motorola!.
processor works pretty fast on g or wife with no laws whatsoever after dating all the preinstalled apes & downloading lot of apply.
never hang or working smoothly.always in all season in short it a pain wool deal.
it has mediatek processor which is not up to the mark.
i didn want any extraordinarily speed phone which might have heating issues poor battery life and low call quality etc.
since speck are available on the net just a quick noting of experiences cross - good solid build and feel - lip cover also available on flipkart strongly recommended - good camera both in still and video - average battery life - gorilla glass screen - no screen guard required bones - a little under lowered - lag while twitching apes / sluggish response - in sim so get yours cut / changed in advance os - camera could have been better for the price point and reliable performance - recommend it !.
the phone looks and feels good is very fast and i am not experiencing any lag - particularly after using samsung galaxy y earlier.
i loved the slow motion recording from the rear 8 os camera and the camera shutter speed is also gud.
the phone has a very fast processor which helps the phone to perform well without any hanging problems.
shone hang every time i get a call or a message.also do not enable multi account as shone will hang every time.
display,sound quality,processor and camera quality are awsome.
i required whatsapp, linkedin, email gaily calendar good camera opium speed (1gb ram), enough memory (16gb), good sound resolution smooth screen (ips display unable screen scorning gorilla 3), alarm clock good looks smooth user interface non-samsung but good budget phone 9 hours battery back up.
it is fast with its quadro more snapdragon processor with 1gb ram.
quick and responsive for most of my needs.
after use of 5 days mobile start to hang,its camera remain on even i switch off mobile then i demand for replacement.
the processor is an improved version compared to the previous version it comes with a snapdragon 400 chisel and a quand core 1.2 ghz.the phone does not lag playing the games like shalt os head trigger nova 3 etc.
experience basically identical to the nexus 4 so no learning curved guaranteed upgrade of the operating system gorilla glass os ease of migration apes and etc between old and new honest and os screen size compared to many bargain honest screens.con: 1 os ram although i have yet to experience a hiccup), no lte but i have measured download speed of around 2 legs of data per second with the hspa +), 8 os storage an incredibly slippery back and there not much case wise to choose from right now cheap buttons and louse auto-brightness calibration.
andros lollypop, perfect camera fabulous processor nice touch n upper market feel in just 12999.
looks are premium no lag in performance.
camera quality,built quality , processor etc etc every thing in this phone is awesome.
response speed when for example watching youtube, is excellent.if you dont want to spend $500-$600 on another phone its your money.gripes?.
processor moto go has snapdragon 400 so in it.which provides great power to it and phone runs very smoothly no lag at all.
hang flipkart.
now when your phone is up you ll notice that the processing speed is just doubled up.
and the good part is even after the heavy lollipop update it does not hang of you are looking out mid range andros phone this is the best one.
rose vice robust built good responsive touch good sound and call quality large vagrant display non glossy back cover which does not attract finger prints works good without any hanging or last.
every thing is fine but processor is a bit low,also little heat on charging when net is on and all the feature is awesome.
the overall operation is quite smooth but the phone does face a little lag while playing the transition animation from the apes menu while returning to the home screen.although while multitasking maybe keeping 3 or 4 apes open at the same i did face a little lag here and there for a short moment.
you can play games like asphalt, do work on it check email rarely freeze.
was irritated of the slow speed wanted a quick phone in my budget.
the touch is fantastic colors are crisp no lag in playing mid level games camera pictures has some noise in low light photography and battery drain will be fast for hardware user.
received this device just yesterday.7 days before the expected delivery date.thanks to flipkart for the fast delivery.the device is absolutely brilliant.it came preinstalled with andros 5.0.2 lollipop.and the phone runs battery smooth.there was no lag found when i switched from one pp to the other app.the display is fantastic.the viewing angles are great.the touch is very good.and the dual sterno speakers are quite loud and decent as well.the phone looks very sturdy in the hands.so in a nutshell i would say that this device is definitely a bang for the buck.and one would get a very decent andros experience similar to that on high end smartphones at exceptional low price.
only fault is that camera is of 8 os when you are going to capture some (15-20) photos in sunlight mobile gets hang and it heated took much so mobile takes 5 mind to come in normal condition and and second problem when you are going to charge the phone with power bank it heat slightly than charging with motorola charger except above faults the phone is excellent as it is open source andros and can get latest updated from goose at last my option is buy this phone if you are interested.
major issues ui last only 1 os of ram, in my case my touch screen became responsive after 15 days.
the phone works without laws with the superb processor it has.
final say hang for the buck.
while using wife it heat up and if i listen to sing and open up some tabes on come i feel the phone starting to lag.
it has a great processor cool video and graphics resolution an acceptable memory for saving apply.
for the price of a moto g second gen there are lots of good phone available and they have much better camera interface but of you want a sick well built lag free phone that wont go slow on you after many upgrade i believe the moto g second gen is good choice.
purchased this after having an incredibly positive experience with the first-gen moto os only to find that this shutters and freeze and seizes during the most common of processes.one positive aspect is that the camera is much better than the previous generation but after several consecutive pictures the native camera pp begins to lag and shutter and noticeably freeze hate the fact that him forced to purchase another phone albeit far superior but i just dont trust this phone anymore.one positive aspect is that the camera is much better than the previous generation but after several consecutive pictures the native camera pp begins to lag and shutter and noticeably freeze hate the fact that him forced to purchase another phone albeit far superior but i just dont trust this phone anymore.
rose display design round speed memory dual him etc. sons recent battery lockup for single day use (24hrs).
phone no lag nothing bull shit option in the phone .
started seeing a bit of lag after upbraiding the os to lollipop 5.0.
it is still packing a 1.2 the had core processor with a gig of am which is still some decent speck in today standards.but multitasking seems to slow this phone down and will start to lag if you have a bunch of apes open.but the lag is not so bad that the phone becomes unusable.
to according to me this phone is quite good for those who wants just the right level of performance and speed.
flipkart is taking an advantage since they are the only authorized sellers for this shone -motog i ordered a phone on 30-dec'14 was wanting it so much that i even speed for a speedy delivery by am extra payment.
it the beginning the system is very responsive and i was pretty happy with the device but after months of use it became slower and slower.the system began to lag badly and even freeze out for couple of seconds while i was twitching between apes too fast or running large apes like google cap.the system began to lag badly and even freeze out for couple of seconds while i was twitching between apes too fast or running large apes like google cap.
display 9/10 camera 7/10 processor 9/10 battery 8/10 i had not tried the gaming things.so.
more over it moment hang like few other brandy.
hardware is responsive and doesn last.
rose sleek design good display large screen android latest last processor never hangs didn't have any complaint about its performance perspective.
i upgrade from a galaxy s2, which while old and lacking in many other departments was at least fairly responsive to my click.
lollipop looks nice on it though does tend to make it lag just enough to be noticeable.
ends to lag if you have too many apes running in the background which didn happen with gen 1.
good:- picture quality and processor is good.
but it compensated this by its high speed interface and memory .
while playing james processor has last.
its nice worth for its price.irts camera is nice and very speed in its operation.
the touch screen is very responsive and so is the camera.
speed - 5 out of 5 display - 4 out of 5 design quality - 5 out of 5 camera - 4 out of 5 battery - 3 out of 5 overall performance - 4 out of 5 os in 100 times phone freeze rose 1.speed - 5 out of 5 display - 4 out of 5 design quality - 5 out of 5 camera - 4 out of 5 battery - 3 out of 5 overall performance - 4 out of 5 os in 100 times phone freeze rose 1.
and lastly at least what i can think of right now is that it freeze up constantly.
i bought moto g in april but within two months screen started to freeze.
the product : causes good call quality & nice speakers recent camera for outdoor doesn crash or freeze as my gumma used to.
- simply awesome product from motorola - touch response is battery smooth - processor performance brilliant - camera quality is great - vibrant screen colours - solid built overall must go for it west budget smartphone in the market right now.
i have purchased moto g 2 in september and till now it is going very good its interface touch,camera,speed,battery back are mind blowing.
performance os there is no change in processor and ram speed is similar to moto g .performance os there is no change in processor and ram speed is similar to moto g .
that moto g and gen really have snapdragon processor ouh really flipkart really moto really wont make us fool i know it have cortex os processor will most of the peoples related to teach must be knowing this but i haven seen any review about it yet why you made everyone fool os i growled clot about it there is not even a word of cortex os processor on motorola webster and flipkart in speck of moto g and men everywhere its written snapdragon 400 you can also check it just install cpu-z pp from playstore it will give into about its cpu and gpu well no doubt its a good mobile but why making customers fool???.that moto g and gen really have snapdragon processor ouh really flipkart really moto really wont make us fool i know it have cortex os processor will most of the peoples related to teach must be knowing this but i haven seen any review about it yet why you made everyone fool os i growled clot about it there is not even a word of cortex os processor on motorola webster and flipkart in speck of moto g and men everywhere its written snapdragon 400 you can also check it just install cpu-z pp from playstore it will give into about its cpu and gpu well no doubt its a good mobile but why making customers fool???.that moto g and gen really have snapdragon processor ouh really flipkart really moto really wont make us fool i know it have cortex os processor will most of the peoples related to teach must be knowing this but i haven seen any review about it yet why you made everyone fool os i growled clot about it there is not even a word of cortex os processor on motorola webster and flipkart in speck of moto g and men everywhere its written snapdragon 400 you can also check it just install cpu-z pp from playstore it will give into about its cpu and gpu well no doubt its a good mobile but why making customers fool???.
now quality processor.
plus - seems to be quite good devices speed camera touch weight sleek type.
camera quality is just perfect good battery life games are smooth using from almost 6 month it never hang one problems that is with andros os and not the phone sometimes the battery left is not what is shown by the phone his is androids problems by calls usually tops 30 minutes and never felt the phone is overhearing or something.
i had purchased it last november and am using from that time but it seems something wrong with it because it became warmer while charging and also hang up some times on using multiple application some times.
with a inch os screen and an incredibly fast quad-core processor you can expect a smooth smartphone experience wherever you go.
buds for the fast delivery delivered exactly in a day coming to phone its fast and responsive my shone os but the the 5 inch display is good for watching moves but its hard to read puff.
either u r using g or g network battery will drain very fast n if u r playing games listening music battery will drain in just 4-5 hours that means u he to sit near charging point every now n then gros of moto os its camera is perfectly good images can be taken in light her support is best flash helps greatly in low light games can be played smoothly than to its snapdragon quand core processor but u ll notice 1 or 2 laws in high graphics games storage of d phone is just vast vaaaaaaast.
it awesome mobile because the best build and bright display also.no lag between playing game egg.
anyway who really needs os speed on a phone got a 32 os memory card and now have around 40 os total for an additional $19.00.
works ff no lag no glitch, thinking of order moto e also .
it has happened multiple times that i try to open a pp or menu item and it doesn recognize and then after a minute all of them will get executed at high speed and screen will just go on flashing various apes without actually opening any.
pure android experience makes it extremely fast and smooth(no lag or frame drop.network speed is excellent.
camera quality is awesome, slo-mo is superb but performance in speed and utilization of the os is not that good motorolla should improve a lot.
but after about 2 weeks of use i was fed up with the speed and asked flipkart for the replacement.
ought this phone the first day it came out and received on with kept love the camera the music,the speed,touch among other things.
there are better speed phone from other manufacturers now.
good speed and display .processor - moto g 2 is really fast guns.
couldn't keep up with the tracker's speed os i am using this product since yesterday i received and i charged my mobile yesterday in the evening still 62% battery is there.while playing games it never hangs so i can say the processor is also good as compare to all the samson phone having 1 os or am in that it hangs while playing game.
good enough processing speed and gets the user satisfaction.
last processor great screen and superb battery backup.
last processor .
i speed for the day delivery.
there also a flashlight feature that comes in handy no need to download an app.just today my phone became responsive for some reason ( i couldn touch the screen to clock it.
ram configuration processor and graphics all are the same as the st men handset.touch is responsive but again sometimes lagging interferes.
smooth and responsive.
good screen size easy to hold no lag in processing.
moto g and men is the king of budget smartphones, its hard to find a branded phone with a pleasing 720p ips display expandable storage good voice quality and a snapdragon 400 processor for less than 15k.
to sign of lag of application.very smooth to handle and quite at a good prices.
the call quality is good and the screen is great and is very responsive.
there no lag when using it for gaming or other applications.
responsive.
but having some heat and hang problems.
have used this phone for 3 weeks and now him writing the review gros -1.2 the processor(snapdragon 400).-4.4.4 mitka upgradeable to andros 5.0 lollipop update launched in us, coming to india within a weeks -5" os screen usual sim memory card slot[it want there in the st gen moto go -16 os internal storage -otg support later and dust resistant no lag in if 15, shalt 8 and many other high end games.
hang for the buck!!!.
to lag swim gameplay.
once again a side by motorola i m using this phone since 15 days i dont think there is any problem with it accept one thing battery is little bit less but it is ok with single full charge for one day use overall phone is awesome cam is very good specially hdr function is so good in phone no lag smooth performance quick responsive touchscreen i give it 4 stars not 5 because of its battery but it is a must buy product from motorola.once again a side by motorola i m using this phone since 15 days i dont think there is any problem with it accept one thing battery is little bit less but it is ok with single full charge for one day use overall phone is awesome cam is very good specially hdr function is so good in phone no lag smooth performance quick responsive touchscreen i give it 4 stars not 5 because of its battery but it is a must buy product from motorola.
* price a little higher(2000 may be considering the processor and graphics card and chisel same as moto os * almost doubled the price of moto e for just camera and bigger display.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.
moto os special shone at low cost for android users coming to review display is awesome for this phone round quality is good & having good quality sound walls are clear speed is very good i have installed 45 apes still running at very good speed camera is k not bad for gaming also response is good for phone transferring data also is very good & is done at good speed drawback charge is drained faster & is taking lot of time to charge & mobile is getting heat if we play games for long time headset is bad overall mobile is good for 13k, & who are looking to purchase a better andros mobile at low cost prefer it & dont worry about the size it is quite comfortable to carry in hand.moto os special shone at low cost for android users coming to review display is awesome for this phone round quality is good & having good quality sound walls are clear speed is very good i have installed 45 apes still running at very good speed camera is k not bad for gaming also response is good for phone transferring data also is very good & is done at good speed drawback charge is drained faster & is taking lot of time to charge & mobile is getting heat if we play games for long time headset is bad overall mobile is good for 13k, & who are looking to purchase a better andros mobile at low cost prefer it & dont worry about the size it is quite comfortable to carry in hand.moto os special shone at low cost for android users coming to review display is awesome for this phone round quality is good & having good quality sound walls are clear speed is very good i have installed 45 apes still running at very good speed camera is k not bad for gaming also response is good for phone transferring data also is very good & is done at good speed drawback charge is drained faster & is taking lot of time to charge & mobile is getting heat if we play games for long time headset is bad overall mobile is good for 13k, & who are looking to purchase a better andros mobile at low cost prefer it & dont worry about the size it is quite comfortable to carry in hand.
quite responsive.
processor & ram though less but still doesn feel sluggish at all during routine usage.
comes pre-installed - had core speed.
performance is good it will not let you down with its speed and response.
lag in camera.after 2-3 pick the camera began to act erratically by going out of focus and response time also decreases drastically.
the phone didn lag anymore.
even games like mc5, most wanted fifty and real racing 3 are performing without any lag.
the only part not so awesome would be its speed.sometimes it hang for a second or two but that may b because of the way i use.
* video recording is fully os camera is really cool and fast played virtual tennis 376 os game without any lag so you can guess powerful processor battery.* video recording is fully os camera is really cool and fast played virtual tennis 376 os game without any lag so you can guess powerful processor battery.
and it become baggy and slow os go with windows least you can be sure of that it wont lag.
rose working well with internal memory 16 os capacity even filled up to 12 os not hanged up to this date camera is very good compare to other mobile bony experia, samsung quatre micromax, red i very bad sound quality is very good rather than others james can ply without hang up resolution is plus point battery back up is very good over micromax, red in others sons call voice is giving some problem soto can think over it its real problems gsm him slot is giving problem.
some bed phone in (1) battery life not good i give you 3 star only (2) phone hang some time.
display is brilliant and plays video with great clarity 1 go ram + snapdragon processor does not make any kinds of laws least on the basic usage.
over all nice the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
weak battery and it takes too much to charge system speed is very slow .
1 os ram is more than enough to run all the apes and games smoothly on this device and the quand core processor is pretty good with no laws so far.
5-6 month it work properly then it hang every time.and network problem in second sim.i inform the new purchasers do not purchase it.
with latest andros version it is coolest phone in this range with good speed n looks n camera quality is superb.
the rd and the final piece was something unique the i couldn add more than 2 alarm where the touch goes erratic or non responsive was same issues as above with games.thanks flipkart for delivering before 48hr, though i speed for an normal delivery.
battery back is very very poor mobile will hang frequently other than ok.
gros : very unfordable good battery life great build quality sharp 5 inch 720phd display sons : backs os lte support to processor upgrade over predecessor average front-facing speakers camera struggles in low light alternative : us zenfone5.
looks awesome like a nexus amazing hardware with quadcore processor super touch responses amazing battery lasts 2 days with medium usage.
the ui is fast and responsive with less to none bloatwares, although free ram was a bit of a concern because only 300mb was unable.
screen size storage processor camera all problems solved.
god speed.
its very cool mobile most important after downloading all necessary applications it is not yet hanged speed is good filpkart s services are also excellent.
quadcore processor sons front speaker is not loud.that i have found so far.
mobile visual screen and processor is good but having very weak battery backup.
however the processor performance takes a toll if you are trying to do some heavy stuff like downloading something and then playing a low consumption game at the same time.
the phone is great for 10~13k no phone lag great ram & memory no issue with battery 1.5 day with normal use with g network display is clear and big enough for games & moves only disappointed with the camera quality though it is 8mp the clarity in not there.
i processes this order when i was traveling i ordered this phone for my uncle & by mistake i had but his incomplete mobile number 09890581865, i forgot the last digit 5 to enter while placing the order now the delivery was expected by the st hang now today when i checked my email i got a mail from flipkart that my order was canceled without me being aware of it & i spoke to pranay, until took & everyone easily hung up the phone on me.
now the advantages good screen clarity,smooth browsing experience of apps(but ram uses around 500 os without any running app),personalised care from motorola,lag free multitasking though not equivalent to a go realm phone),upgradation to the lollipop 5.0,slim body-not edges.
finally received the item on with hang flipkart customer care(care??.
nice lcd touchscreen with is display and morning gorilla glass which is found in high end mobile and quadcore processor for the speed.nice lcd touchscreen with is display and morning gorilla glass which is found in high end mobile and quadcore processor for the speed.
i noticed slight lag which i started playing games like subways suffer temple run 2 etc.
it was slightly responsive from day one thought but this i attribute to the phone designs flaws and not an actual efficiency with the product sold.i bought this mobile on 26/12/2014 by experience on this mobile for those who complaining battery back is low upgrade to lolipop os and please switch on the battery save mode you will battery back unto 2 days gros last processor , highly unable more apes can be installed os you get 16 b internal memory james are working fearlessly later resistant build quality is good lolipop upgradeble sons eight is more 155 go to 4g/lte.gros - well built , fits perfectly in the palm with a good built - very good battery life - clean efficient os - good camera even though its an 8 up - excellent touch and display quality sons - voice call quality could do better overall its a top class phone in this price range you might get better speck better speed better ram by other bands in this ask range , but this perform better and is very much stable in os.
god speed.
plus it freeze once in a while which can become irritating at times.
awesome music & video playback through front firing sterno speakers no lag at all available free ram more than 400mb 7.smooth gaming experience.no lag no heating while playing shalt 8,dead trigger 2 sons 1.
performance : 4.5/5 look n fill : 4.5/5 network : 3/5 some times call has some problem during talk,and noise is there camera : 4/5 low shutter speed,gives nice shoot on day verdict for normal usage go for it.
->speed os lovely, specially if you are a heavy multi-tasker its a go ->lag free performance even in high graphics games(asphalt os so if you are a gaming freak but cannot go for the ask segment its the best os ->display is good feels comfortable during long usage and high definition video.->speed os lovely, specially if you are a heavy multi-tasker its a go ->lag free performance even in high graphics games(asphalt os so if you are a gaming freak but cannot go for the ask segment its the best os ->display is good feels comfortable during long usage and high definition video.
shone doesn lag in heavy games.battery is average for a game but recent for normal users.processor is the same.
very slow processor.
excellent camera happy with the processors speed lollipop awesome value for money overall nice and cool products.
good phone with great internet speed and good phone to have with good battery and have good flipkart service.
hang flipkart.
i placed an order for motor on must oct,2014 and it got delivered on th nov,2014 fine with the speed at which flipkart delivers the goods.
its fast responsive and does everything i need.
very good phone works like butter minimal lag and shutters takes excellent pictures and has no bloatware.
excellent mobile at a very low price offers best performance no lag issues sound is also good and upgrade to andros l os.
hang hang hang.i am using this mobile from last 2 months and i just suck off using this worst mobile every.hang hang hang.i am using this mobile from last 2 months and i just suck off using this worst mobile every.still it gets hang.
keyboard has a noticeable lag sometimes while using certain applications.
him currently going through simple mobile for my plan and data speed have never been an issue with this mobile.in short if your looking for a mobile on the cheaper end of the spectrum but still want something nice and you dont mind taking a hit on internal storage or memory i cannot recommend the moto g 2014 more.
there is no lag whatsoever after a month of use.i do miss some of the shortcuts wipe to call and text etc and other extra while browser, lip to silence that came with touchwiz but its certainly something i can live with given the sheer speed with which everything gets done.
last operating system to hang problems 3.
there is no issues of heating or lag in this phone after a week of continuous usage.
rose screen size battery performance internal memory touch speed lolipop update sons head phone war phone need to plain to play os finally i recommend this phone to a friend.
masha felt delivery boy wo some delivery ka shaped meaning nail santa flipkart much major kit had isa hind review done to defective mobile deliver war k return v nail let famine os into ka customer executive say hang se beat v nail suite had a bad experience with flipkart shopping i think flipkart going down now a days they are providing bad service now a days i'm one of the old customer of flipkart.first time him getting such a type of service.
apps run very smoothly with no lag.
certainly my pick for the range of under ask honest 2 thumbs up for flipkart and its lightning speed delivery!!!.
good , all features , memory , camara, etc all good battery also last long would recommend all to buy this mobile shone , good processor , good looks , slim , also big in size.
overall the product is good am satisfied with the product.the battery back is good enough.the display and sound quality is good enough.the small issue is with the moto camera small time lag is occurring while auto focusing,which is negotiable.the touch to focus is little difficult to get focused on a particular thing from some more number of things.through a long use of camera,battery is getting heat.
after 15 days using this mobile i feel andros one mobile is better than this mobile lag is there sometimes apes are getting stuck & crashing and that to i am not installed any games.even it is getting stuck and lag in the mobile.
clarity speed are all fine but liability as compared to other phone need to be improved.
case of access phone speed motorola assist sound quality everything awesome.worth a smart phone.
speed the mobile runs very smoothly and i love it and the final words are it simply superb under 13k any one interested to buy under 15k its a best buy.
i bought 3 pieces os moto os its a good product but one os them start getting hang touch os not working.
the device do not lag during james or working on assignment.
multiple apes works well with no lag issue.
moto g is an awesome phone with smooth screen and sufficient am and processor speed at this price level also i do not see and worthy alternative to this phone with any other trusted brands.moto g is an awesome phone with smooth screen and sufficient am and processor speed at this price level also i do not see and worthy alternative to this phone with any other trusted brands.
its fast and no lag at all.
i dont want a full he screen neither an oct core processor i want the same old quality and reliability for which motorola has been known for.
i give 4 points for its delivery speed and customer support.
really a nice phone to hang out with the only problems comes is of heating while playing games or surging.
i simply am in love with this fantastic camera great looks only issue is that the speed sometime is less but overall a good phone.
u can buy it go for it.value for money there is no lag at all.overally good product to buy.go for it.
after dating to 5.0 lollipop my phone started to hang and battery drained like anything even after twitching off all battery hugging toggles.
i would have preferred them to offer the 16 os variant at this price as the processor seems to be a bit slow for the price.the battery life is decent and would last a day with minimum calls (~3-4 his talktime) and games played quite frequently.
i have installed 173 applications trusted and entrusted but there is no hang problem and not slower yet.
moto did great job with this phone now awasome experience after use of internet good speed,addtionally i want to thanks to flipkart who did excellent delivery.
also it doesn hang like samson phone and has good camera quality.
must have this using from the last 5 months didn face any problem very good speed very good screen very useful navigators very clear screen good for sales persons.
it works beautifully and the speed on the internet is still nice with just 3g.
its been around some three months i have been using the phone the major sons are the battery back which is not so good(2070 mah)it drains real fast and the phone seems to hang at times also the calls receiving isn good loud enough that the person sitting nearby you can hear the person on the other end of the phone although the hands free option isn selected i find the motor quite stylish though and the camera resolution gives really good images.
* had core speed - tried few games like real racing riptide - ran smoothly.
to other company can offer such pen in this prices vice camera and speed.
the phone do not freeze if you use more applications.
good products not getting hang as of now but be aware i got news from fellow users after getting new update its getting too much hang.good products not getting hang as of now but be aware i got news from fellow users after getting new update its getting too much hang.
the mobile is good one and very simple the speed is good and does not hang.the mobile is good one and very simple the speed is good and does not hang.
last delivery from os retail and lip part a nice product for ask under change and duc cash back vice screen size inch and camera clarity and nice processor.
it also freeze which means i have to shut it off wait and then turn it back on.
review + seats very rarely in normal use + vice build quality + sure android (4.4.4) with goose now launched no lag observed till now.
but good for the price you pay os processor well to be honest the 1.5 the snapdragon processor in gumma 820 is far better than the quadcore processor on this device.but good for the price you pay os processor well to be honest the 1.5 the snapdragon processor in gumma 820 is far better than the quadcore processor on this device.but good for the price you pay os processor well to be honest the 1.5 the snapdragon processor in gumma 820 is far better than the quadcore processor on this device.os shone does experience some lag occasionally.
its an awesome phone but the only problem is the speed of it.
lte is over rate and i dont even notice a difference in data speed.
phone performance is good.1gb ram is good.battery performance is avarage.bt one disadvantage is that the mob does not have file manager.but you can download the pp name called os file explorer.bt for one doubt is that if my phone hang means wat can i do???.
he did not need higher speed for our usage so this unit fit the bill.
to lag whatsoever so far.
processor is too good,no lag during usual operations,but i have observed lag of only 1-2 seconds while multitasking.processor is too good,no lag during usual operations,but i have observed lag of only 1-2 seconds while multitasking.processor is too good,no lag during usual operations,but i have observed lag of only 1-2 seconds while multitasking.
sometimes it will hang for 2 to 3 minutes.
very thing is battery smooth and lag free.
picture quality is nice speakers sound superb and the speed is well fast enough for everyday tasks though for gaming and pick up a different device.
mobile overall is excellent in all matters happy to buy go for it screen is excellent camera superb sound quality good ram speed good yet no lag from 4 months.mobile overall is excellent in all matters happy to buy go for it screen is excellent camera superb sound quality good ram speed good yet no lag from 4 months.
there is some kind of lag when using gps pp.
it does lag a bit sometimes.
the phone freeze at times.
even though it has a quand core processor it sometimes lagged a bit specially when tying this was a deal breakers for me.
its a black shone and black absorb death so no complaints os 12.9gb free internal storage - yes all the apes you want to fill in your phone currently i have 94 excluding the pre-installed, so this is enough to prove the phone does lag os to software - surely stock android, that means no unwanted apes pre-installed which you wont be using 10) looks rich - yes it does look elegant 11) james - works smooth fifa 14, fifa 15, real facing os temple run works smooth except for subways surf it laws a bit again no complaints co my his is a crazy fan of subways and she noticed laws in almost every phone she played on so no complaints cons.
-0.5 for heating issue while using g network -0.5 average battery initially i rate 3 stars now i increased the rating to four stars because i got this phone for 9900.2000 off and 10% discount on si debit card rose good camera quality fast processor 3.
it never hangs and speed is superb in this segment.
good phone have fast processor nice picture quality.
music camera processor looks--- thumbs up!!.
speed is good and is rich in features.
the phone is not that responsive and touch screen does not responds 100% all the time.
west budget phone that actually works well.does the job for me google caps notify and accept walls - through bluetooth - war - works fearlessly - without any lag.
- 5/5 os front speakers are good - 4/5 os response time is very good and apes open immediately and no lag is found - 5/5 os gaming - played temple run 2 and subways suffer without any hiccups - 5/5 os lollipop - eagerly waiting for lollipop upgrade.
even though speck are decent its the lollipop that gives the eco-system a slight lag be it animation or opening and closing of applications.
such more responsive and allows me to son with fitness wearables.
wont think that this phone canst perform just because it has only a gig of ram, moto g and genu ran modern combat 4 on amazing graphics without any lag!!.
- unable to attend call many times phone got hang - battery is super slowly charged - now from today i am unable to hear called voice .
there is no lag of the applications and medial.new negative points i have noticed are - charging speed is slow - camera is average but again in this budget it is good.
i installed memory hunger games but no lag in performance and faced no heating problem like other honest.
display - 5/5 processor - 5/5 ram - 4/5 camera - 4/5 round - 5/5 battery - 4/5 took & feel - 5/5 robustness - 5/5 overall good mobile & good value for money.
16gb internal with go sd card is sufficient for my use and decent processing speed for my medium usage.with heavy use with even multi apes left open there is a lag and it definitely needs go same.
1.2 the qualcomm had more processor which is an essential thing sons display it has ips led display but when you see the screen from the side it goes greenish this doesn happen to oled display sometimes phone gets heated due to multiprocessing one of my friend got faulty battery indicator , after charging the phone to 100% within 5-10 minutes it goes down to 75% but issue got fixed by motorola.
i love the feature camera low 720p hd' you can run most of the application simultaneously with any time lag or interruption.
sure you get act more processor and 2 os ram, but most of it is used for supporting manufacturers own bloatware and custom uis.
overall good battery back poor laws sometimes after loolipop update phone became slow games can be played smoothly no lag internal storage of 16 go is a plus point i would recommend everyone to buy this its overall a budget phone.
the touch is very good good and responsive.
i have used this product now over 3 months and it works well just that i noticed a few lag during gameplay that is because of the 1 os ram.battery back is fine lasts a day with moderate usage & i just dont like the fact that it takes almost 3 hours to charge from 0 to 100%.
* had core speed - tried few games like real racing riptide - ran smoothly.
processor , ram all are good.
for the first time i see him not complaining about battery life and hang problems he suffered in his other honest.
had core processor , candles high games very well.
the device has latest features but its battery back up is poor also it gets hang.
connect to the interest quickly and i can get my max speed from my isp on it (50/5).
pro's: browsing speed screen size and interface does not get warm while using net upgradable to android lollypop.
otherwise camera is good and processing speed is great.
his model was very poor of this battery its drain ultimate speed its quick drain what ever its done and more heating while playing any type of games am so disturbed.
processing speed is good mixed with the 1 go ram and aren 320 graphics.front speakers covered with carbon fibre is solid for good condition of sound(both for call and external sound).8mp camera is decent for the price and front camera is also ok for average series and normal video chat.though battery is non-removable but you wont find it an issue but it gives for over 1.5 days standby with some calls back with above 90% charge and 10-12 his with continuous wife or g browsing video playing and 7-8 his with continuous gaming.so that may be an issue for multimedia users.approx 13gb internal memory unable.
there is no upgrade in processor or its clock speed or in ram hope this will help u us and surely it is a good product to buy.there is no upgrade in processor or its clock speed or in ram hope this will help u us and surely it is a good product to buy.
gros good built quality vice display camera sons for now his phone has too old 400 snapdragon processor am only go for this price range battery life all the sons are due to price to value.
vice processing speed.
last processor.
rose + doesn't lag at all + master if + good camera + good screen 5 inch + crisp all quality + memory hard clot sons + charger heating up very quickly + battery runs out very quickly + headphones really bad.
4)processor:processor is good.no lag still now have already installed many apply.4)processor:processor is good.no lag still now have already installed many apply.4)processor:processor is good.no lag still now have already installed many apply.
moto g 2 impressive speed ultimate sterno round quality according to value of product impressive and last camera easy and speedy multitasking pendrive connectivity latest lech 4.4.4.
camera 9.5/10 working 9/10 processor 9/10 price:10/10 ( to branded company is giving such awesome phone ) model 9/10 handy 9/10 motorola software 10/10 finally last word awesomenessssssssss love this phone really.
but of 10 of my colleagues 3 have speed this moto g and they only recommended.
phone is very good but after upset lollipop os my phone too slow operating some time gives is hang.
touch is amazing speed is superb sound quality is also good & rear camera too good.
good speed 3.
the sons of this phone are the non removable battery also the charge easily drains up in 1 day for moderate use and not quite impressive speed in surging the web compared to other smartphones.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
processor speed is not bad 7)no unnessecery apes is reloaded.processor speed is not bad 7)no unnessecery apes is reloaded.
overall review * build quality is superb * sterno speakers give superb audit experience * battery is average * camera is some for this prices both front and heard * shone is more handy compared to other phone with os display * ram should've been better but canst complain because of its budget price * processor is awesome .to lag in response found * display is of premium quality compared to phone in similar price range * sure android experience ( to much useful apes from moto) * want change the font style without footing , unlike from samsung phone * to overhearing experienced * 13gb is available for apes ( there no pp specific memory user can use the memory according to them , that is for apes or medial.
the phone is without any lag and battery does stay like 2 days am a medium user with playing games 2-3 his a day listening using 1 he and using what pp like 2-3 his a day and i charge it after 2 days.
speed 1 day delivery by flipkart.- storage and as my title am super happy with the huge storage capacity internal + plus sd - no lag whatsoever also am happy with the boot up time.
processor ram and battery decent enough to perform best with current kitkat 4.4.4.
otherwise it was a very good phone as far as speed and features goes.
even with 1 os ram due to vanilla flavor of android, the speed is good.
pure andros and gaurrented updated very good battery backup(upto 2 days in normal use smooth performance-no lag at all very light weight good camera sons slightly low resolution display.
good delivery speed from flipkart with os detail seller.of u have os net pack then nobody want to get g speed and network to many customer facing the main problem of 3g/wcdma network in moto g and men always in dual mode .
net reception and speed are very good.
g speed are pretty good and coverage north of boston is fine.
call quality is really good os 11) met speed low on wife , will have to check how os works.
processor is speedy camera quality is nice good phone at this price should work on speaker audit quality no so fine else a nice phone.i guns him using this phone last months onwards battery back up very poor and some time its hang.
i am enjoying using this phone from the day i bought it.excellent internal memory provided.now i can control my internet data usage by the special function.if i use phone for playing games and apes then the battery is down in the evening when charged full in the morning.no problem with speed,hd display,good speaker quality.nice camera quality os easily imported my all the imp.contacts from my goose account.wonderful.
who i buy dis phone the os was kitkat.it was awesome and the processor is super fast.i loved both the hardware and the software,also the but quality.the camera in dis is phone is soon cool.everythg was perfect.till i update my phone with new lollypop.after dating my phone it looks quiet good the appearance is good after that when i start using my phone the real problem has started.the phone become took slow.befor dating the multi taking is quit decent.bt.
otherwise the game can be played for lag checked only for ta vice city.
this mobile is too good for 11k, i am using this pen from 2 days camera,screen sensitivity processing speed all are good but draw back is battery it will discharge very fast and while charging sometimes pen will get heated.
the only thing i found is moto should have speed for 2500/3000 may battery for this.
camera auto focus feature hang the phone due to which phone need to be restarted  unable to apply google drive 50gb offer.
the phone definitely loose out to competition on the point of lesser ram older processor lesser ppi and smaller battery capacity.i have been a very heavy and advanced user of phone some of them have been of the highest specie and now all i want from my phone is to have a responsive functional and unable experience with a good camera and good battery while not burning my purse.
him unable to realize the speed dial list icons wanted smaller sized icons i was not able to set custom sound equalizer for speakers.
though it is a cheap phone by no means does it feel or look cheap.android software is fantastic and so it the processor of the phone.rear camera it pretty good front camera is normal.battery life is outstanding!the box does not bring much but all cable are compatible with those of samsung.i would definitely recommend this phone to any one looking to buy a new phone without spending too much $$$.
camera : does what it says.takes quality pictures speed i didn had issue till now opening 5-6 apes at the same time regardless of apes or games or anything.
i have ordered this product on word of dec at night 11.30 os even though my product was delivered to me on with around 1 os such a great and speed delivery with out any extra delivery charges.and the product is took good.
the touch is responsive and even though the 1 os ram seems less it supports all apes and doesn lag os dont play too many games.the touch is responsive and even though the 1 os ram seems less it supports all apes and doesn lag os dont play too many games.
thankfully i speed for cod otherwise my money would have unnecessarily blocked as they would have given the credit to my wallet which means i have to use the money for shopping at this site only.
the screen is very good a 1080p would've been better but in this price range is perfect.i'm using the global version in mania and everything works fine the call quality is clear the internet speed through g is pretty fast.
2)processor- snapdragon 400 chisel @ clock speed of 1.2 the with only 1 os ram.2)processor- snapdragon 400 chisel @ clock speed of 1.2 the with only 1 os ram.though the moto os runs lawless on above chisel but it could have been better by improving clock speed and os 410 chipset.
i am using this phone since depth , hope my review will be helpful pros:- os excellent performance 2)100% lag free 3)camera:- rear cam is very good & front cam does above par performance , picture quality after booming is top class really impressed 4)multitasking is very good 5)gaming:- i played subways suffers temple run 2 , temple run , fifa 14 and not even a single lag or hanging 6)sound from the front speakers should have been better os shone task speed is awesome 8)battery:- without internet 15-20hours ( approve with internet :-3-5hours ( approve depending on usage 9)build quality is very good 10)display is on higher side 11)touch response is very high con's:- os to usb cable.i am using this phone since depth , hope my review will be helpful pros:- os excellent performance 2)100% lag free 3)camera:- rear cam is very good & front cam does above par performance , picture quality after booming is top class really impressed 4)multitasking is very good 5)gaming:- i played subways suffers temple run 2 , temple run , fifa 14 and not even a single lag or hanging 6)sound from the front speakers should have been better os shone task speed is awesome 8)battery:- without internet 15-20hours ( approve with internet :-3-5hours ( approve depending on usage 9)build quality is very good 10)display is on higher side 11)touch response is very high con's:- os to usb cable.i am using this phone since depth , hope my review will be helpful pros:- os excellent performance 2)100% lag free 3)camera:- rear cam is very good & front cam does above par performance , picture quality after booming is top class really impressed 4)multitasking is very good 5)gaming:- i played subways suffers temple run 2 , temple run , fifa 14 and not even a single lag or hanging 6)sound from the front speakers should have been better os shone task speed is awesome 8)battery:- without internet 15-20hours ( approve with internet :-3-5hours ( approve depending on usage 9)build quality is very good 10)display is on higher side 11)touch response is very high con's:- os to usb cable.
flush ram - 1gb processor had core , gives stunning game experience camera : 8mp battery : 2070 may , good charge charges my battery quickly.
processor is also good snapdragon which is also used by samsung.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.for some high end games processor has some lag.for some high end games processor has some lag.
speed and picture quality is osesome.
rose excellent working interface no lag whatsoever with fantastic video output and playback.
his is a good phone and nice to use.using pendrive and double increase in memory is good and processor and am is good.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
replacement i received freeze whenever screen got locked each time had to lock and clock to make it work it had responsive touchscreen better than st rd day the phone completely froze and i was unable to clock it i tried safe mode removed him rest the device but it still hanged a lot it only worked better wen i had no lock set harowwed by getting second bad touch screen phone i was baffled now can get defective screen 2 times in a row i lost trust in motorola reading many negative and real issues i asked flipkart for refund and got refused feel good to get rid of moto g 5 stars to flipkart 0 stars to moto g 1 star to this product co of flipkart thanks a lot flipkart for quick redress of my issue .replacement i received freeze whenever screen got locked each time had to lock and clock to make it work it had responsive touchscreen better than st rd day the phone completely froze and i was unable to clock it i tried safe mode removed him rest the device but it still hanged a lot it only worked better wen i had no lock set harowwed by getting second bad touch screen phone i was baffled now can get defective screen 2 times in a row i lost trust in motorola reading many negative and real issues i asked flipkart for refund and got refused feel good to get rid of moto g 5 stars to flipkart 0 stars to moto g 1 star to this product co of flipkart thanks a lot flipkart for quick redress of my issue .
it is getting hang after every action.
house minimumbrightnesss/auto brightness screen timeout 15sec/30sec performance of phone is lag free and very fast.
its more than the worth of or money comparatively its better than the other mobile which r in the market in this price range highlights: speed bandy gorilla glass anti scratch version and many.
quand core processor works great.
nice camera quality nd awesome sound no lag in gaming.
limb beautiful nice screen and a very fast processor.
of you want your callers to hang up in the first 20-30 seconds of the conversation .
the touch screen os non responsive.
its really user friendly and all the process will be completed i light speed ok google" enables to use fast access to net camera is superrbb, overall its impressive for sure.
especially the speed and display.
os lag even with os gamng.
even after telling them multiple times that i had speed for express delivery still i had to go and collect the packet from their officer saying for os day delivery total waste of money.dont fall into the trap.
however os gives good speed but there is only difference of 19-20 in os & os and now i feel my moto and gen was really better.
very quick and responsive.
great phone:big, very nice screen vagrant colors quick and responsive easy setup.
i got my phone today evening.just amazed what a phone it is.very much smooth,,without any lag any pp can run also the games.too much fast.but battery should be more powerfull.although overall this is really smart.
for the most part this phone works flawlessly, but try to do more than one thing at once get ready to meet your new friend lag!.
buy moto g and gengeration(white) on th rep and come within 24 hours.its was very last and responsive service by flipkart.totally satisfy from your service!!!.
it was fast and responsive when i bought it.
processor is also good.primary.
processor is too good`since it is quand copeland different apes works simultaneously without any last.
the phone is looking superb,light weight tested this product by surging the internet continually for 9 hours till charge remains 7%,i played games for 2 hours continuously i heat only very little its negligible even u can avoid that by cooling by means of os security the phone is superb speed but dont install high end games.
was in the market for a mobile and i shortlisted this one pro big screen good camera front and rear , latest andros updated , price sons battery life is not that good ( but its the probe wid all smatphones ) sometimes processor and ram are not enough wen or doing heavy multi taking all in all i will recommend this to everyone his in market for a phone within the range of 15 k.
to last no hang and super fast wifi.
gros good camera hair battery life good processing speed great build quality good sound quality sons third late accessories laws sometimes while playing sub.surfer unnecessary costly backcover.
( non stop poor customer service from flipart) 4 non availability of moto phone with other online shopping sites makes us to no choice to get from flipkart and my personal opinion that all moto products bust be available in all online shopping site so that we can have fair play since flipkart is providing poor service we can switch to some other provide but this is not happening so blame on motorola 5 1 go ram lowest among other competitors in the same price range even though phone does it lag that much but once u load more apes u can find considerable amount of lag in the phone.( non stop poor customer service from flipart) 4 non availability of moto phone with other online shopping sites makes us to no choice to get from flipkart and my personal opinion that all moto products bust be available in all online shopping site so that we can have fair play since flipkart is providing poor service we can switch to some other provide but this is not happening so blame on motorola 5 1 go ram lowest among other competitors in the same price range even though phone does it lag that much but once u load more apes u can find considerable amount of lag in the phone.
the phone its really responsive : stock andros makes it fast and fluid and its upgradeable to the latest andros version (5.0 lollipop) already.
about moto g2: rose os very speed set and never hangs or stuck for even 1 sect os camera clarity and fixed is superb cool.slomo is really nice.but if sound is available it would be better.
where i didn get my problem solve and now i wish to get a refund dont want the moto g such is the magnitude of the responsive moto g issue .
after a month of good run my phone started giving me problems like frequent hang and does not defects my him cards.
the battery was also a huge issue draining at a speed higher than one can charge.
after upbraiding to andros l phone getting hang very frequently even the basic apes also stops working.
it never hangs during multi taking with its just 1 go ram(now a days many devices offer 2 go ram and gets hang.
by the way i speed for the and men os instead of the st gen os lte and i am glad i did.
i got the shipment on 7 dec.awesome products coming on details cuba quand core cup stunning fast speed in gaming and internet use and other common operation ram go quite good for multitasking.
west dual sim mobile along with good processor.
if and my os worked well giving good speed for net usage.
i had a short stint with a nexus one that left me with a bit of a sour taste for android so this was a big leap.the phone is fast the only thing that seems to make it hang a bit are large web pages jumping back to the home screen can take 1-2 seconds but everything else seems as fast or faster than my phone 5 with 7.1.2.
to far i like the phone and am getting around 8 legs of speed in my area even without lte which is plenty fast for any normal use.screen is nice bright and responsive even outside.
though its not much convenient as samsung, but he liked the speed and responsiveness.
the speed of the phone is just as fast as the first gen moto g while having a larger screen.
met speed is not fast when we use os monthly data backs when compared to lumia.
i am using this phone from last 1 month and have never experienced any lag .
event faced any lag in any games.
but i thought processor need some improvement.after the update phone getting too much heat and also lag very frequently.
speed is fantastic while browsing internet.
though it has 1 os of am but it works lag free because of the vanilla andros installed in it.
the processor is pretty quick with most everything i have run on the phone has a nice array of features and doesn come reloaded with much bloatware compared to the average phone.
does not hang for any apes or games as of now including asphalt).
no lag.
has snapdragon qualcomm quadcore processor and adreno 305 7.
coming to the point for pro and sons os prose os screen is bright and vivid ii) price worthy andros phone under os 15000 iii) camera in daylight iv) nice rubber grip os best built twin audit speaker my best ever experience cons: os some heating issues ii) facing some lag while using random access of apes after upbraiding lollipop) iii) battery life not good.
for every 3 or 4 camera snap battery getting heated up like anything and camera doesn function properly lag in picture motion while moving the phone to take a snap os.
mud camera clarity and the lollipop version is awesome and the internet also very speed in the handset.
thus far have had no lag or hanging issue.its responsive and takes good enough snap.
pros:stock android kitkat that is upbraiding to lollypop soon.google now integration right from the home button.large os colourful screensimple access to the him cardfast processor that does not lagstereo speakerscamera that gets better rating then the moto x.expandable micro os card slot unlike its cousin from last year.the phone works with any us/international gsm phone service providers.no bloatwear comes with the phone.the build quality is fantastic.cons: there are not many)phone clips and cases are hard to find for the phone.speed and function wise this phone is on par with anything from the major phone manufactures.
good hardware for the money.bad: low and responsive after 3 months of use require report or memory cleaning some time.
processor.
the speed , response from web pages desired output when performing something is truly responsive.the speed , response from web pages desired output when performing something is truly responsive.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
also my camera sometimes freeze when i take pictures even though all my pictures and video are sent to my 32gb os cards.
talking about the performance i am disappointed about no improvement in the processor from the previous model.
shone look was very good and processing speed also good.
to cheap hang bang like to happen in samsung n other phone 5.
moto is pure andros but it started to lag within two days.
the speed internal memory pre installed apply moto alert pp are awesome.
its responsive , fast loading and has a beautiful screen.
andros 5.02 latest - 10/10 camera 6/10 good and fast processor - os lag call quality top notch with noise cancelling.andros 5.02 latest - 10/10 camera 6/10 good and fast processor - os lag call quality top notch with noise cancelling.
yea it will hang when we install some high configured game even if we install subways surf temple run it will hang for first time but after that it will work fine.yea it will hang when we install some high configured game even if we install subways surf temple run it will hang for first time but after that it will work fine.
had core processor delivers great performance for gazing.
awesome budget phone i ever used os this is really a mass product from the great creator motorola os lag free nice cam screen was no word to express used.
hang users facing the same issue in moto os.
i am using this phone from 1 oct.its processor is very powerful,all application works smoothly.no lag at all.camera picture quality is good.touch response is very good.music clarity is too very good with a sterno sound.only battery back is average.i am using this phone from 1 oct.its processor is very powerful,all application works smoothly.no lag at all.camera picture quality is good.touch response is very good.music clarity is too very good with a sterno sound.only battery back is average.
the mobile speed got little slower when i installed many apply but it got smoother again after removing unnecessary apply.
ram,processor and cgiii display make it great that too within 11k.
i found some draw backs like battery performance is average,high quality games processor has some lag.i found some draw backs like battery performance is average,high quality games processor has some lag.
speed cons:- 1.
i m not sure that the problem related to drop network are due to hardware problem of phone are due to improper cutting of sim card otherwise display are good processor are good no delay even gaming.
guns smooth and no issue with its processor and ram.
moto go is 100 times better than moto g and also prize is in our medium range its speed is also better than other phone.
it is still performing as expected.no lag or freezing of any kind despite its aged processor.it is still performing as expected.no lag or freezing of any kind despite its aged processor.
value for money though the processor is a bit outdated.
snapdragon processor.
hang flipkart.
looks better than any phone i see around os camera is awesome even for dim lights good battery very smooth in operation due to go ram and quand core processor excellent graphics and above all extremely sleek and handy.
the touch of this phone is hopelessthe phone suddenly freeze in between and stops responding to any amount of touch then suddenly starts.want add speed dials.need to install an pp for it.
quand core processor phone with almost everything hat satisfies the needs of the customers.
amazing phone to buy really it is exceptional phone at exceptional price.awesome camera amazing sound quality fast processor for playing heavy graphics games os display to watch movies.ultimate feather touch.and the main thing is it has dual speakers in front which is best in playing games and watching movies.unbelievable phone at unbelievable price.most amazing thing now android lolipop 5.0.1 is available in this phone.wowww you canst get phone like this at this price.and moto is u.s. company its not chinese.this phone can compete phone 6 and i think its better then phone 6.
i am not even able to use this phone for proper calling due to hang and network issue.
amazing excellent superb phone touch is excellent picture quality is superb download speed is maximum look is very very beautiful camera is also good friends go for it and also thanks to flipkart i had ordered this mobile on 10 february and it comes on 12 february in morning.
ought it for my dad.compared with my moto os looks a had bigger but normal usage is operated with same speed.
but i speed for return the seller didn approved so think before purchasing the product when you get really defective product.
i have purchase moto g and generation before 45 days and it come up with hardware issue it freeze and hang while using.flipkart.i have purchase moto g and generation before 45 days and it come up with hardware issue it freeze and hang while using.flipkart.
rose price - to other device comes close in offering the same features for that price range recent processor - no lag so far on medium gazing.rose price - to other device comes close in offering the same features for that price range recent processor - no lag so far on medium gazing.
and 3g/hspa speed are sufficient for me at other times.
n this phone is smooth and lag but the main disadvantage is that datacable is not provided with it os.
os first day os the time downloading moto g hang .
but flipkart gives its best when it comes to quality now the main point the phone is absolutely amazing with blazing processor speed never laws while playing games or multitasking.internet speed is pretty good.good gui.but flipkart gives its best when it comes to quality now the main point the phone is absolutely amazing with blazing processor speed never laws while playing games or multitasking.internet speed is pretty good.good gui.but flipkart gives its best when it comes to quality now the main point the phone is absolutely amazing with blazing processor speed never laws while playing games or multitasking.internet speed is pretty good.good gui.
phone performance is lag free .
no lag but only one problem noticed while listening music if the phone is switched from portrait to landscape or vice versa there are noticeable gaps in the music!!!.
beauty with brains moto go is truly a craftsmanship crystal clear display he sound quality fast processor beautiful camera touch is really amazing.
i find a difference between others using this same product and me using it there is a speed and performance difference.
but this is far better in terms of speed & clarity.
no lag at all.
very smooth and responsive.
configuration is good but make is cheap already power button is loose enough to hang out.
only drawback is it started to lag after getting upgrade to andros lollypop.
and main issue is phone is getting hang on some games like subways suffer,this is very disappointing from motorola.because.this phone having best specification but its still getting hang.
used 1 week no laws no hang.
moto g is worth for the price with smooth & speed simple & no unnecessary apply and attractive design.
sold xiomi mi3 bought moto g awesome fun loving it(flipkart courier service not good)i bought xiomi os terrible phone shiny plastic hang heat and looks very cheap finnaly i found a guy who was ready os buy that chinese phone and i bought moto g 2nd generation this phone os truly amazing the screen though half os but looks better than xiamo and good angles also battery alost equivalent above all always 400mb ram out os 1 os left os mi3 only 300 ram out os 2gb.
speed for standard delivery and was delivered in 5 days.
i have used this phone for about 2 weeks and the phone gets heat while playing games and watching moves and get hang frequently while twitching through multiple apply.
him often confused where is the top and where is the bottom.everything else is good.really international - works at os speed in os and in europe.
super 5 inch face loaded with the apes you need and plenty of speed and storage.
it has decent camera clarity it doesn hang much and also the performance is good.
everything is great stock andros - lollipop experiene, display - too beautiful gaming - i can lay every heavy games like modern combat os modern combat os shalt os need for speed - most wanted gta vice city the amazing spider an 2 & more.
only lag battery capacity that it.beautiful mobile who ever buy it ply buy one power bank go for it.best phone in this range.
talking about the facts zenfone 5 packed with 1.6 z intends dual core processor which actually can perform like 4 virtual comes when needed plus its 2 go ram, this comb perform better as compared to moto g and genu.
delivery : hang on delivery !.drowsing in os and some basic apes like whatsapp, facebook and messenger will give you a minimum of 12-14 hours of back provided you follow the battery saving instructions 6/10 speed : very good.easy multitasking and the phone will provide the latest updated lolypop andros which never causes any hang now.i have seen video and its showing without any lag and crystal clear resolution.
drowsing speed is very fast.
the mobile is too good in terms of looks functionality and processing speed.ultimate phone very good speed and work very good only biggest issue is battery , it drains very fast os in every 10 minutes.
i buyer this phone in january 2015 after 6 month this phone started showing its true color phone start hanging , as soon as i clock the phone the screen get freeze.
does easily for a full day on normal use charging speed is lower but gets full in 4 hours.the photos taken were decent in day light and the speed was good in capturing.
i do not play games watch moves in my phone but it still heat up too much and starts to hang.
super speed super music.
i have buy moto g and men before 8 - 10 days for android application testing propose in our company but mobile not working very well & many time hang without install apply.
great user experience os lag fast and snappy camera os the best looks and feels good nice design cons: gets heated os a bit os the topmost part while surfing internet using data pack,with wifi it's fine.
battery display camera quality speed performance sound look all department are good.so suggest for this phone.
excellent look good speed , big display.
there is some lag in opening and closing the apply.
in this way for 2 hours we will lose all the charging so as to continue we need to plug in charger all the time.sometimes even phone slow down or hang or apes stop responding may be heavy use of !.
the os display is vivid and the touch is very responsive.
might be increase his processor make this phone most unable.some phone from the house of google(moto) in 10000 os no any hanging problem very smooth and handy camera 8/10 performance 9/10 processor 9/10.
it is the best phone in the range of 10000-15000 advantages 5 inch display with gorilla glass squad core processor good battery life disadvantages no g support , only 1gb ram these disadvantages are very minor the phone wont l usually and can run very high games and can play os video.
the applications crash often,hangs or freeze a lot.
i like the customer eccentricity and the speed of delivery very much.
bet try is good sound clear better performance of processor 1.2 quand core ram is better performance mitka 4.4.4 is amazing enough to memory large screen camera result is excellent to 8 up front is better good slim aesthetic look.
d display no lag at all latest version speakers are good overall go for moto sons battery getting drain fast.
gps and other goose now apes are very fast and responsive and i found moto assist is very good pp.
moto should have improve its ram and processor chip set.
back of bloatware, stock ui and able processor makes this a great buy.
except for the processor speed , u wont see any backing in this phone .except for the processor speed , u wont see any backing in this phone .
now about phone it still heat up but lesser than earlier ones heavy,camera is average and those who want specially a camera phone dont buy it and the spaekers,they are excellent for hearing a song but when u call or someone calls u the voice go out and u constantly need to lower the volume but.the good thing is and only good thing is for which u can buy it that it doesn hang and the andros is very fast.so choose wisely.
no problem in speed.
its good for casual gazing though i did find a little bit lag when i was playing minion rush dont know why did the benchmarks, and its showing this phone has a fixed density of 320, which is awesome.
other similar speed choice in this segment huawei honor folly for-camera, great designing.
- applications have smooth loading no lag found.
very good camera quality internet speed apes required for daily purposes.
4 decent processor speed if possible preinstalled apes like file explorer and task manager should be given.4 decent processor speed if possible preinstalled apes like file explorer and task manager should be given.
everything is perfect with this phone its camera processing speed display pp battery backup, internal memory.
display : excellent size : l x h ration very nice comfortable to handle processor speed : very nice,some what nice browsing i have company with other standard mobile found motor is very nice and fast .display : excellent size : l x h ration very nice comfortable to handle processor speed : very nice,some what nice browsing i have company with other standard mobile found motor is very nice and fast .
i will suggest you to buy this phone.bcoz of this phone is very smooth with the sick andros features and never hang n all.
i received a defective products the phone is overhearing and now when i installed whatsapp from goose play the phone started to freeze and after starting the phone the screen is also weird half of the touch is non responsive.i received a defective products the phone is overhearing and now when i installed whatsapp from goose play the phone started to freeze and after starting the phone the screen is also weird half of the touch is non responsive.
speed for fast delivery they promised to deliver it by sunday but it was delivered on sat itself.
one more issue is with this phone is if you are running 3-4 apes then it gets hang and some time i am not able to attend the call due to not to able to see the screen.
no lag nothing is happening and even i also checked water test 3 times on same mobile still its working.
the phone having 1gb ram is pretty sappy and responsive.
after dating the phone in android lolipop,after few days of see shone start getting hang and low 2.
smooth operation good speed good design.
its exceptional speed,butter smooth touch ,8mpfront&2mp rear camera (pacca clear clarity make this phone unique.
was a good processor good camera (both).
gps is extremely responsive with in milliseconds when turned on.
the lack of lte doesn bother me as at&t generally has excellent hspa coverage in the us, and i dont do anything that requires lte speed.i am so happy to have expandable storage.strangely enough i feel like the device is an upgrade from the moto os despite the slower processor and lack of lte.if you want a device that costs very little has excellent build quality an awesome screen a nearly stock android experience with a few minor moto improvements expandable storage and generally speedy performance.
smooth processor.pls note even though it has 1 b ram.but it will still beat higher ram phone as it has snapdragon 1.2 z quand core processor.
it never heat up or it rarely hang only once after the update to 5.1).
with total 4 os moto e is an excellent phone operating at 1gb ram, however g is not at all unto expectation in terms of its speed it laws slightly and heat up while downloading apes and games.
its fast does not lag at all has an awesome camera which click very fine pictures.
phone didn hang even though i was using several applications simultaneously.the.
the interface and performance is smooth for now but have to see if this will continue after using for some time since in all the andros phone this is the major issue that is after using for some time the phone starts to lag badly even for basic operations.
however displays slight lag with high-end games but that is acceptable with 1 os ram.
also the power button and the volume buttons are not very responsive.
earlier i have purchased a micromax a micro 311 but requested for refund/replacement due to the lag in every specification.
year but hang ho rha,,, takreban 20 bear shut down or china he issue me rabbi dealer am ran band krdeta had to hi may player to hi pure phone hang ho data had but time k like j to shut down na fro resolve hi ni area anne cap to.year but hang ho rha,,, takreban 20 bear shut down or china he issue me rabbi dealer am ran band krdeta had to hi may player to hi pure phone hang ho data had but time k like j to shut down na fro resolve hi ni area anne cap to.
as i hoped , camera quality is very good still secondary camera is little slow about capturing movements of object,still quality is better both for images and videos.as ram is 1 os and processor is 1.2 ghz , i didn find my phone working so smoothly , looking wise good touch is not working too well as i supposed but still this mobile is much better than its equivalent mobile of range 10-15 000.
i just love my new moto g!works perfectly in my country (honduras) not the best cadet for gaming but its more than even enough for daily uses the only pp have had lag is with shalt 8 but my brothers ones another moto g gen and it runs smoothly in his so it could be that in using too much ram with other appstotally recommende.
1.2 ghz processor is really fast for almost anything out there os atlast.
which sucks if your phone freeze up you are helpless.
nice speed can do multi taking with ease the camera is very good.
i ordered on rd march(2015) and got it on th march(they said march 10 as delivery date),so high speed delivery 1.feel some lag but its lollipop's common lag,they may fix it soon.feel some lag but its lollipop's common lag,they may fix it soon.
he moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
good speed no lag sons 1.good speed no lag sons 1.
moto g 2 is a quality and powerful beast at this price the company provides the latest updated the build quality is good the performance is good comparing slate 6 and zenfone and grand prime the sterno speakers are awesome in the loud and clarity at last the 720p display makes a crisp for viewing angles along of quand core processor and with 1gb ram benchmark scores: antutu-20785.
highly responsive interface.
screen becomes less responsive.
good and fast processor - 2.
shone hang after upgrade to android 5 lollipop version.
with a quad-core processor moto g and generation multitasks as easily as to do.
to lag whatsoever.
mobile looks good os must 1 word its better then htc desire models ranging from ask to ask os gros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too os rest read other review guys.
good processor speed.good processor speed.subways suffers temple run shalt 8 without any hang or stuck.
i love the interface the only problem is the bar of ratification is lag in several times.
hang for the buck.
gros premium look -5" os display dual speakers are loud n clear -8mp camera takes amazing pictures when hdr mode is on os day battery back on g network - fast started and shutdown - to lag - smooth user interface voice grip and easy to hold bones - earphone quality is not good - only him 1 slot support os network.
i speed for the 4gb data plan so i pay $70/mo.
and a quad-core processor it is amazing.
the performance of the phone is outstanding regarding display speed sound quality handling network wife.
gros os good design os bandy body os vice screen size horns os hangs out during operating for 2-3 sense os speed is not as per the technical specification os works slow from second month of my purchase the price slashed by 2 k and is still want to sell it its been 4 months is using it.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.for some high end games processor has some lag.for some high end games processor has some lag.
if you play even a low end game on it like temple run or subways surf processor heat up to 60 degrees 4.
and as to consider processor performance and gaming , .
the processor is very good and there is no hidden apes running in the background which might eat battery or slow the process.
speed of this phone is good.
good display,good camera and good processor only drawback is a little less ram(it shed he been 1.5gb) and battery life(only 2070 mah).
his phone have much better build quality and speed as compared to any of the samson phone unto ask price range.display processor and os the new moto g and genu arrives with a inch ips multi-touch display that provides sharp visual experience with a resolution of 720 x 1,280 pipes (hd).the morning gorilla glass 3 protected touch responsive display enables you to make transitions between screens edit photos or access apes at the expense of crisp touches.it the heart of the smartphone, you can find the same 1.2ghz qualcomm snapdragon 400 quad-core processor sanctioning in combination with 1gb of ram to deliver fearless and fast performance with anything you throw at it.
cons: battery life is one day rose good speed , ram and processor speed good phone does not hang and i can download and use multiple sessions effortlessly.cons: battery life is one day rose good speed , ram and processor speed good phone does not hang and i can download and use multiple sessions effortlessly.cons: battery life is one day rose good speed , ram and processor speed good phone does not hang and i can download and use multiple sessions effortlessly.cons: battery life is one day rose good speed , ram and processor speed good phone does not hang and i can download and use multiple sessions effortlessly.touch is responsive and screen contrast is quite good.
well this phone is amazing fast and responsive.
the camera is really good especially the so mo video capture in 720p) with all the features mentioned in the specification area and the the 1.2ghz processor with the 1gb ram works perfectly.
i have ordered moto g on with march and surprisingly got the product on with so service was fantastic and i have been using moto g for last three days and i didn see any lag in performance and device comes with 5.0.2 not 4.4.4 as stated by flipkart.
great phone at this price range u can get something be cons: average processor if u use goose now with cards and ok goose voice command it laws a bit battery it cut get u through a day if u use battery save apes build it actually feels good except for the buttons they wobbly and feel cheap the speaker trills have some gap dust gets into it accessories earphones are just happy it wont even sit in or ears pros: call quality nothing much to say but its clear camera ism actually surprised by this camera but it sucks totally in lowliest vanilla android!!!.
it is fast enough so that she doesn have to feel any lag and it is quite responsive.it is fast enough so that she doesn have to feel any lag and it is quite responsive.
talking about some of its key features a 1 os ram: works great but may lag a little while too multitasking if you have loaded your phone with too many apply.c 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor well yes.had more processor helps.
first piece had major problem with battery it needed to charge 2-3 times a day also it used to hang a lot.but i canst switch between multiple apes at a time otherwise it will hang.
os very smooth never gets hang os right and good looking os in stand by battery is very good (kudos all batteries are good at stand by ) os all quality is very good os front speaker is one good idea.
-1080p video are also playing without any lag on this phone,internet is fast and wife working perfectly.
os speed and performance hero last lightning fast.
thanks to motorola's light skin the phone doesn lag one bit.
first time i ordered on flipkart,i ordered moto g and hang a memory card along with it.
superior lag time.
after using samson for two yes it was time for different brand and after lot of pondering i stuck to moto go using it for the last twenty days i can say that its simply superb performance is ultimate,no lag at all dont worry about ram in my case i was bit worried but after using it i felt that its very much compatible with hardware.coming to the battery life its not that bad average users can easily go for a day while moderate to bit high end user need to charge.still under 20 k segment it is the best phone to buy just go for it.
good camera sound does not hang good graphics.
very impressed with the speed even with 3g.
when we use camera for more time the phone gets hot and starts to hang up.when we access many applications at a time the phone hangs and the speed decreases.
realizing their network speed is quite bad in my area.
i really appreciate the exceptional speed of delivery.
problem-some time it hang,battery back is not good,heat up easily.
its a good phone,very responsive and smooth.
the phone does not hang at all as against the other now most phone which have flooded the market.
getting hang most of the time.
great screen and speed.
the phone pretty good,no lag after usage of almost a month.although at first i had received a faulty phone whose memory card(sd) slot want working(it want directing sd card),the phone was replaced and the new one had no problems and the whole replacement took less than a weeks.
but i am not happy with flipkart delivery speed because it is average like other online retailer.os not is not provided usb cable 10) touch experience and speed is ave.
fully smooth and responsive.
sometime key board hang.
really very good mobile , camera performance is good and the screen looks very impressive for the price and since i have been using this phone for about 3 day but i didn even find a single lag in this phone even though i have installed lots of apes of about 3.2 os but no laws so that good and the gaming performance is decent , storage is sufficient for me , it supports os functionality etc. and coming about the sons 1 os of ram is not enough as the phone consumed of about 74% of my mobile am usage may mary according to the serf , am could have been better that all and nothing about sons about this device finally i conclude that it is a very good budget phone that perform good for its price.surely u an go for this mobile.
his phone is just brilliant.as we already know that its a budget phone with some nice speck but my phone is having one severe problem for which i am suffering till date that sometime my phone touch goes responsive and after a report it starts operating normally.
the issue is the screens size.battery is consumed by the screen basically.anyways whereas os lag issues.
i need a device that is responsive when i need it as i cannot afford missing calls and not being able to answer messages quickly because the damn phone is stuck in an infinite loop doing who knows what.
very aspect of this phone including display , camera sound quality is good no last processor is also good when compared with smart phone at rs.12999 price range).
sufficient memory and processor for this mobile.
to lte for att service but download speed are averaging 6 mps for me.
hand-on comparison with us zenfone os zenfone 6 , etc desire 816, red 1 s moto g gen 1), samson os neo foka lucia 525, 730) west battery back non removable ) timely updated its your hand perfectly although gen 1 is better responsive etc 816 is better brilliant and livid display gen 1 has much better pp value for money considering long term use.
no lag so far.battery is also working fine.no probe as such till now .
good phone but there is a hanging problem some times its goes hang overall i like it.
great picture clarity.fast processor to work with.
ram - 1gb is enough for average user but you will feel some laws then and there while playing high end games and using many apps(more than 6 or os at a time due to less clock speed of the processor (1.2 ghz) 6.ram - 1gb is enough for average user but you will feel some laws then and there while playing high end games and using many apps(more than 6 or os at a time due to less clock speed of the processor (1.2 ghz) 6.
the phone as an amazing boot up speed it starts in like 20-25 see in age.
i can play the gaze runner without any lag os like the game.
battery is drying i am using by 4 months one time it gets hang.
well so fast responsive touch wiz phone updated to lollipop, easy play high end games on it.
i had never ever seen really the speed will superb onee!!!!.
the owned a blu life lay os after about a year its starting to freeze up so i decided to go with a more reputable company like motorola.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.for some high end games processor has some lag.for some high end games processor has some lag.
his phone can hang with the best of them as far as its technical features and speck are concerned.i was impressed at how nice the graphics are and how fast the processor is.
his telephone comes with all you need or i can say more than what you need.awesome user experience with smooth speed great camera quality enough storage capacity.8 os dear camera 2 os front camera 16 b internal storage with expandable capacity 1.2 the had core processor pretty good for multi taking and heavy gaming dual speakers and most important upgradable to android lolipop 5.0 which gives you very smooth interface of latest andros os.
fantastic and wonderful in any manner that it.motorola always rocky it is very in sound screen processor speed,everything is fantastic.fantastic and wonderful in any manner that it.motorola always rocky it is very in sound screen processor speed,everything is fantastic.
it has everything you need in a descent range.also there is the option of dual him and memory card.qualcom snadragon 1.2ghz processor go ram 16gb internal what else do you need guys??.
hang little .
vice camera display no hang issue like samsung, no heating problems like chinese bands xiaomi,huwaei,lenovo even http.
works fine on at&t now good data download speed (5-10mbps).
sure it has its minor scratches but it still works like new and the screen has no cracks i use a light plastic cover and screen protectorate only flaw this telephone has its the memory go and go ram its not enough for a smooth experience it has its laws and freeze from time to time sure it others but after a few seconds from 3 to 10 sense everything is back.you.
battery save only starts once battery reaches 15% st handset was having huge network breaking issues other person was not able 2 hear me calls getting disconnected but was getting awesome internet surging speed even when network was low never heated even while watching 3 hours of soviet voice from apiece was coming from left side ice when you talk on phone u can feel voice is more loud when you are listening from left ear & its low when you are listening from right ears.speed for refund due 2 pressure from years.
yes it doesn have let but i can live with the speed i do get with the phone.
1.2ghz processor not the best but great performer as original moto go.
it has 1 go ram and does not hang also.
must recommendation for motor and men i like their camera processor screen betray internal memory expendable memory.
some times struck lag the device.
i folks recently i have purchase moto go but still hang on after mitka andros os so please check another item compare to it and choose best one for you.
the second one i got had the same problems and also its battery was draining at a super fast speed.
verdict please buy if want a big screen good camera and a fast processor for multitasking .
& the front camera is also good os processor is good and i think lag problem with big heavy games will end.& the front camera is also good os processor is good and i think lag problem with big heavy games will end.
the quand core processor powers it just fine and runs all my apes (again, i am not stressing it by gaming or anything like that.the os (4g technically speed are just fine with its hspa+ 21mpbs rating i am bruising through the web just fine on cricket tireless.lte might better but i dont notice because the speed that i get are the same as i was getting with lte.
great phone with amazing speed.
very good mobile,speed battery and camera clarity is awsome,super mobile at this price can take mobile blandly without any hesitation.
good phone overall animation lag a they tiny bit but you wont notice it unless your used to ask honest.
i speed for replacement.
* the processor and ram are ok as for now i haven faced any problems regarding the same.
came with mitka had lot of battery issue update to lollipop 5.2 now bath issue gone but lot for one hang due to lollipop.
i purchased a moto g and generation from this webster and within 3 months i experienced two major issues with the phone , firstly my phone began to hang within 10 days of receipt and the same was replaced with a new one.
os 1.2 ghz quand core processor is a mighty beast can run multiple apes without any last.
overall nice phone rose 16gb memory qualcomm snapdragon processor gorilla glass os display good looking latest android average ram sons door battery back lasts hardly 1 day not good call clarity finger print magnet screen os a little baggy mostly you can get a phone with same specification in almost os less.
i purchased this mobile around 3 months back but lost it and purchased again when there if offer of rs.2000 via pp but the experience of new mobile is very bad the mobile gets hang a all the times and also heavy applications do not run or get closed in between.
the only issue is the persistent lag in the phone over a period of time but that is the android 5.0.2 issue which will be fixed once the 5.1 update comes out.
sometimes it wont unlocked apes freeze and starting doesn help.i told him about the discrepancy with the troubleshooting process and re said they have different logic processor.
good camera quality battery storage speed everything is good.
instead of this phone is good,best processor,wifi clears show if any problem in network,disappointed with lollipop view is not good as 4.4.
it wont hang but wont call either.
amazing phone given its cost.was supposed to receive android l update but is yet to.also phone has been showing a little lag post two months of usage.
it os admittedly a pretty liable phone so i wouldn suggest getting this for someone who has tiny hands but for someone with average size hands or bigger it feels nice to hold and is easy to use.the touch screen is responsive and accurate.its not 4g, but it does get the higher os speed (hspa+, etc and data usage has always felt quite sappy when your in an area with decent coverage.
its performance is excellent - camera processor speed built memory etc.its performance is excellent - camera processor speed built memory etc.
before i was used samsung os i fed up with that,after so many exercises i choose this.my observation is more better than samsung,regarding price,processing speed,camera,os.apps also open quickly,no lagging.
speed,touch,camera is good os but need some camera apes for more fun.
2)its 2gb ram with good processor but hangs clot !!!.wont understand what ram and processor upon.
i am test phone 4 month use regular i got 4 star for processor 1\2 star for camera os star for battery 4 star for designed.
it this price range moto gives his best and i am very satisfied this its processor they give me all features what i want in a mobile camera is good front camera is also good touch is nice and smooth dual speakers works perfect battery back is good built quality is superb.
good camera front and back smooth touch can perform high end gazing without any issues or lag .
rose good processor little last hardly any lag when i updated to android os very sturdy his phone is very sturdy.rose good processor little last hardly any lag when i updated to android os very sturdy his phone is very sturdy.speakers the voice somewhat cracks at high volume(smooth voice after upbraiding to android os i dont know how os compared to other honest this phone is very good(asus zenfone 5 has stronger processor and 2 go ram better display but it is fragile not specified as waterproof voice quality while calling is not as good as moto go display not as bright as that of moto go in short moto os is an all rounder for the prices.
for a layman round quality speaker quality,camera , speed is important the can buy this blindly.no regret .
moto g and generation mobile excellent speed and screen good internal non removable battery only - for this product remaining all excellent.
after some weeks of using the phone i have to say i dont regret on buying it and and recommend it os already did over any samsung shone on the same price bier maybe even higher tiers)camera its not a top-notch one off course but it works decently on natural light conditions you canst ask for more for what your paying.the phone its really responsive for its price range vanilla andros makes it fast and fluid and its upgradeable to the latest andros version (5.0 lollipop) already.
other features are good like gaming processor speed,smooth touch.other features are good like gaming processor speed,smooth touch.
pp are good download speed is sooner quality is excellent additional features like moto assist help will secure your mobile safe.
hang - hubbub.
to lag occur whatsoever.
best camera imp and also front cam very fine good working no hang problems.
2070mh battery os master speed due to good quality & upgrade processor sensory work is excellent music quality good specially by ear wrapped headphone.2070mh battery os master speed due to good quality & upgrade processor sensory work is excellent music quality good specially by ear wrapped headphone.
whereas no lag(even while loading heavy games like fifa 15 or ashphalt os and all my apes run smoothly.
even the menu would sometimes freeze.
first class product,camera,voice clarity,software access&net speed os first class,its 100% worth os money.
low in processing speed though it is 1 os ram 8.
i have installed heavy games and its working fine there is no hang issue with the phone.
letter size better processor and camera.
of your looking for an everyday use smartphone and do not need very high performance nor various fancy features this is the ideal phone for you.for some looking for high speed internet it may lack os support this was not my cases as am not willing to pay for os internet anyway.i've primarily used the phone in germany with telekom (t-mobile) and in the usa with at&t and i have had no issues with it.the back camera is very capable and takes great pictures and battery life is good enough to last usually two days if reception is good and use is not intense and up to three days with little use.i've upgrade from a bony xperia, and found that one of the best benefits of the moto g is the absence of heavy pre-installed applications or a heavily customized user-interface by the manufacturer also present in most samsung smartphones and tablets).
performance of u used the moto g st gen then there is no difference in performance since both have same processor and ram but the slight upgrade in the display size (0.5 inch makes the and one better in our experience.
you can play any high end game on medium graphics setting without a lag but on high graphics setting it will tend to miss a frame or two speakers and headset:- these are loud but while listening on the highest level of sound , they seem to be cracking a little bit.you can play any high end game on medium graphics setting without a lag but on high graphics setting it will tend to miss a frame or two speakers and headset:- these are loud but while listening on the highest level of sound , they seem to be cracking a little bit.
speed.
sturdy phone good speed amazing connectivity, descent battery good camera sleek and very light in hand and pocket 5 star voice quality can use in rains also.
problems it hangs when call comes it hangs when we try to pick the call it does allow to call but doesn hang internet problem is more than we think battery problem instead of this you should buy micromax yureca.
good mobile fast speed good features.good mobile fast speed good features good mobile fast speed good features.good mobile fast speed good features good mobile fast speed good features.
purchased it for os 10k and after using this for last two days i must say that the stock andros experience is simply great.comparing hardware speck it easily beats the similar prices phone hands down.no lag what so ever even though the benchmark is shifting to higher specie least on paper.the build quality is great and the curved back design is superb.battery lasts a full day on single charge with data on.the only thing lacking is possibly os conductivity which for me is a non issues as still it is quite far into the future least in my city ,jammu.this phone has superb os data rates and for most most of our needs os is sufficient all in all it is a robust smartphone capable of delivering most of our expectations.
touch is good responsive.camera quality is average after taking 10 to 12 images in normal use it is not responding as well as whole device gets hang and warming up no it is not correct word it is heating up very high temperature.
shalt 8 is running without bug - means some graphics os i can talk 2 his with very less call drop in less than 18% battery - some battery design - looks cool and sex but inch - so not very easy to play with one hand processor - i do mails read word document and listen music while dating apes -1.2 quand core without bug it perform yaar.
looks great very responsive touch screen.
camera,processor, build quality.
good configuration 1 os ram, 5 inch os display 1.2 z processor built 16 os memory external 32 os support gorilla glass.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
by os data connection gets disconnected and connect back when i hang up my phone back form voice call on other sim.
flipkart did very nice packing and moto g was in my hand within two day of order and cell is very nice no hang no lag problem and it is good for gazing.flipkart did very nice packing and moto g was in my hand within two day of order and cell is very nice no hang no lag problem and it is good for gazing.
poor battery hang issue.
it has overall good speed , nice and clear camera with recording , good sound clarity .
good processor memory price sound display average camera and fixed density bad os battery the main problem only 3-6 his during gaming or net 8-9 power if u use just phone then 12-20 his will be there.
i got my phone with pre installed android 5.0, as date of import was in web 2015 only the phone runs very smooth and have no lag in it.
the power and volume button are very responsive though they feel a bit wobbly.packed by a powerful mid-range processor the snapdragon 400 and 1 gig of ram, this should suffice for everyday needs with occasional gazing.
* had core speed - tried few games like real racing riptide - ran smoothly.
doesn hang.good gazing temple run no lag battery on an average it comes for a day.
asphalt 8 airbone experience is awesome very good graphics.some laws after heating.but that can be ignored camera is not so good bad but not so good as well.does focus properly sometimes.but its flash light is very effective and bright.good photographs in dark as well processor is simply great.very smooth for operating.
the phone is fast and responsive.
i am writing this review after using one and half month  and sim slot not working  heating  mobile hang every time please do not buy this phone.
i appreciate the speed of delivery.
also lag in screen movement observed.
- shone speed and processing is awesome, i played lots of games and download ashplat and many big d games played many times no hang or no heating issue.- shone speed and processing is awesome, i played lots of games and download ashplat and many big d games played many times no hang or no heating issue.
its battery is not good.expect battery everything is good & battery not removable but no hang problem no screen problem.very very smooth touch over all its a nice phone.
its speedy responsive feels solid what more can i say .
only thing i can hope it does not hang in future as other andros starts hanging after 5-6 months.
i think moto must give 1.7ghz instead os 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor.
great processor.
great phone amazing display one of the best have seen doesn't lag no flashing of pp only negative is the battery is horrible last about 4 hours for me.
must want to confirm that the global phone works at 3g/4g speed with t-mobile hspa+ network at pcs/1.9.
no lag problem.
both the camera clarity net speed other option all are great etc etc os as ever device have some default.
net reception and speed are very good.
after using the moto g original one i speed to buy and men and it again shocked me with the performance and built.
excellent mobile with super fast processor.
hang problem is best feature of this phone.
awesome phone with awesome features os no lag at all , awesome sound quality os now just waiting for anderoid update .
to lag while playing games and os video.
awesome display descent battery good processor perfo.
i purchased this phone few weeks back and have found this to be a great experience in all terms may be it music calling game android, speed and sound quality etc.
the front camera quality is not as good and i wouldn recommended it for selfish it is only useful for video chatting when needed.the speakers are good and loud enough to listen to music or talk in speaker phone mode.multitasking is not smooth special when using this phone with the extremely buggy lolipop 5.0.2 and only 1 gig of ram and it can be really frustration when opening apply and the phone start lagging and freezing if you dont report your phone once a day.the processor is fast enough to open webpages, play regular games opening apps.thia my rating to every part of the phonescreen 4 starsspeakers.
vice looks , high resolution camera , latest kitkat 4.4.4 , good processor with good working .
speed 4.
happy new dear everyone i have been using this product for a month i ordered it on 1 december 2014 and received it on 6 december 2014 thanks to flipkart for delivering the phone on time so first thing about the phone when you look at it is that its build quality build quality is really good it does not look cheap phone motorola has down a great job with that if you are using the first gen of this phone then processing wise both are same had same chisel of 1.2ghz qualcomm quand core processor 1 b ram so if you have the first gen motorola moto g dont buy and gen 2.it's arousing speed decreases with 5-4 tabes running at a time causing camera for about 10 to 15 min decreases the battery percentage 7.
i had bought it with lolipop which was having some lolipop and issue then i got it replaced and replacement came with kitkat.which was working very good.but after few days when i upgrade my mob to lolipop again started facing some issues.like little bit slow hang and performance ofcourse.
the phone is excellent in all function say its call quality no lag in gaming with quand core processor best camera in range of 13,000 os loud dual speakers best user interface pretty and latest andros experience like weight better screen etc in case of battery life all the andros phone get heated in multitasking and less battery life but this phone is best i had used canvas nitric axiom red os and canvas eliza all three can be used for droning when they get heated also the ui of red os is worst no task button found on it whereas canvas eliza and into was good but they doesn have gorilla glass protection.the phone is excellent in all function say its call quality no lag in gaming with quand core processor best camera in range of 13,000 os loud dual speakers best user interface pretty and latest andros experience like weight better screen etc in case of battery life all the andros phone get heated in multitasking and less battery life but this phone is best i had used canvas nitric axiom red os and canvas eliza all three can be used for droning when they get heated also the ui of red os is worst no task button found on it whereas canvas eliza and into was good but they doesn have gorilla glass protection.
were are the prose os amazing simple user friendly interface os to hang problem or heating issue os excellent call quality and high speed g browsing os recent camera os micro os slot up to 32 os cons:- only sons is battery back however with motorola latest patch updated battery life has improved a lot and it stays 1 and half day with moderate usage.were are the prose os amazing simple user friendly interface os to hang problem or heating issue os excellent call quality and high speed g browsing os recent camera os micro os slot up to 32 os cons:- only sons is battery back however with motorola latest patch updated battery life has improved a lot and it stays 1 and half day with moderate usage.
the phone screen also does not instantly turn on / off when i move it to be ear when taking / completing the call - guess it could be due to the proximity senior lag and the bigger size.
i purchased this phone 3-4 weeks ago from lip part and had done analysis for all pro and cost here is my observations by comparing samsung galaxy - gros - good battery display is awesome, camera is unbeatable.very good quality for pick and making moves processing speed is far better than samson sons - all recorder does not work which is my requirements.
either way this is still a great hands if your looking for what is essentially the stock google experience on a phone but without having to pay a premium for the hardware use this on t-mobile and get great downlink speed on hspa+, typically around 8-10mbps.
its super fast doesn lag at all and feels extremely sturdy.
damn worst cells its hang like any things got femur with this.
board memory is only a few figs but i stuck in a 32gb micro os card i still had laying around and memory is no longer in short supply.it does not support lte, but i tested download speed north of 10mbps and unload a little less than half that on a finnish network.
the ram was not adequate the processor sometimes laws and if used continuously for few minutes it heat so much that it was not comfortable to hold in the hand.
shone is not up to the mark as it always hang even my friends are also facing the same problems.
vice shone & battery back & no hang problem.good camera quality even in low light.specially.
processor is same as moto os so if you have used moto g before then u can skin to next point.processor is smooth and dint lag a bit till now.processor is smooth and dint lag a bit till now.
not even a month went by when the phone started to hang misearably.
the 1 os ram is sufficient for multi-tasking and there can be a lag of 0.1 see but you need not worry about that.
the processor remains the same as on old moto g but though that does not reduces speed to a great length , but aid games os am not a game at all will like faster processors here.the processor remains the same as on old moto g but though that does not reduces speed to a great length , but aid games os am not a game at all will like faster processors here.
easy to use , lag free no gimmicks , responsive , friendly ui , and priority for future updated is what makes the using experience amazing.easy to use , lag free no gimmicks , responsive , friendly ui , and priority for future updated is what makes the using experience amazing.
to hang issue and with moderate use of internet (3g) it runs for 2 days.
he use the phone with t mobile and the speed around the sacramento region where i live are pretty fast.if you can live with the amount of provided storage currently 8gb) for apes then this phone should definitely be on your short list for best sub $200 smartphone.
looking so some and the he camera receding work very fast,and no hang problem and this one are used at least last month son felling are so much in andros phone.
i have purchased last moto g 2 gen mobile , first month no issue then if i charged my battery is full suddenly the battery charge will discharge second by second speed , very worst phone , then one more issue if i received call the display will go off ,,,,,(note os call receive time him not touch the mobile but the display will off mode ) ,,,, this problem was not only me.
- good form factor - adequate weight as per the size - very responsive touch-screen - lovely camera primary and secondary and led flash - didn't feel any pitch using 1gb ram for normal work not included any games - 16gb internal memory - inclusion of expandable micro os sloth.
shone can play full os video asphalt8, subways suffer etc with no lag or hang.shone can play full os video asphalt8, subways suffer etc with no lag or hang.
- ui was good primary cam was ok, ****** front cam is horrible have over seen************* - touch seems to lag a bit compared to high pricking honest but its understandable co of low cost.
the gaming is also very good i didn seen any lag in games like injustice gods among us , need for speed most wanted ,riptude gp2,temple run 2.the gaming is also very good i didn seen any lag in games like injustice gods among us , need for speed most wanted ,riptude gp2,temple run 2.
works well no hang up.
coming from an s4, you could tell the difference in speed and processing as this phone is a bit slower but it isn a big deal.unfortunately not lte, but here in the west side of miami, get decent speed with t mobile.yesterday i actually blocked 9.7 lips download speed at the fiu camps.sure it isn the 20 plus i would get with lte but i never needed that much speed anyway.
to all buyers please confirm that whatever offer you speed you get it on time because this time flipkart team told me that your time expired and we can not do anything now.
have been using this phone for two months and the interface is amazing and lag free unless one updated the phone to 5.0.2.
flipkart very fast delivery really m not expect within a day i received and moto go is supper phone dimension is took good and display awesome and sound clarity is supper and gaming no lag really too good to buy this phone.
the mobile looking was nice rear and front camera was good quality , charger was more heat during the charge the mobile please care while charging , i request the dear to solve the problem and make the mobile good the net access was not much speed , the action was little bit one the internal memory was 12.975gb only instead of 16gb, remaining was internal applications.
its camera is the best in 8 may no words for front facing camera hats off to processor best the screen is the best the gorilla glass also all the features are awesome fabulous before this i was using galaxy grand it was good but not good as this 1.
motorola moto g and generation - os gsm - unlocked - 8gb white os 720p os displayfront-ported sterno speakersqualcomm snapdragon 400 processor with 1.2ghz quad-core cpuandroid 4.4, kitkat with guaranteed upgradeall-day 2,070 may battery morning gorilla glass os water-resistant splash guards compatibility: all gsm network including at&t and t-mobileoptimized to work with os (umts/hspa+) network when operating inside the us; os coverage may be limited when roaming outside the usbox contents motorola moto g and generation wall charge quick guidescom, mala experience no lo he recibido.
awesome camera smooth processor , vice touch , awesome sound surrounding , value for money to for it .
good and last processor.
the phone holds up very well against lollipop, the touch is pretty responsive and the display is genuinely nice.
whatever icebreaking reviews i got for this phone,unable to believe on those after using it from last one month,its getting hang so many times within in couple of hours,processing is slow,not worth to buy with present quality measurements.their are much more better products available in he market.
still make the phone lag very easily due to only having go of ram.
of capture pick continuously then phone run very slow and show like hang .
never hang battery is good compare to other andros devices.i play high end games like shalt 8 and real facing 3 and have never experienced any lag with the phone.
web browsing works quickly cellular data speed peak around 1.5megabytes/second (12mbps) too (3g).
to lag even on highest game settings.
same issue certains with moto g and e os processor is awesome.
once the phone is locked after some time the screen freeze and unable to clock the phone.
purchased on with an delivered on must hang.
its a very good product with very good price i am very loving to play games and it never hang i am using it since october 2014.
camera and speed is really good.
the moto g improves on what its processor , expendable memory and 8mp camera .
inch display crystal clear crisp and handy enough lag free so far recent camera for both indoor and outdoor pictures now light pictures are really good good sound quality android version : 4.4.4.micro os slot soto os was not having it last browsing multitasking and smooth naming thanks to qualcomm snapdragon processor west phone under os 15000.
shone occasionally does hang when trying to retrieve old files etc and sometimes has a problem to receive 3g/ edge data signal.
the fact that motorola could have used an upgrade processor snapdragon 410 instead of 400 and bumped up the ram to go which is possible ( see us zenfone 5 for example and still haven used it takes one star away from it.
great mobile good battery back up no hang upset good speed since good internal battery father than htc at this price go for motor.great mobile good battery back up no hang upset good speed since good internal battery father than htc at this price go for motor.
os expandable storage os amazing android experience os good and responsive touchscreen.gives lag if you have a lot of apes on multi-tasking.
good phone ram, processor is very nice.speed and good shone for indian peoples.
a very good phone by motorola it is very fast,processor is very good and so is the display.
to lag whatsoever good for multi-tasking.
i notice that sound of phone when calling are spread also hang the phone sometimes.
usually new phone least dont hang like this.
prose good camera good sound of sterno speakers no over heating issues after 5 months of usage phone has never showed an responsive state,or such.
it looks cool after all it is original andros from google, no customisation, no lag on performance.
nothing to complaint everything is fine camera,display,speed,speakers,etc.
the processor is quick and multi taking is good.
value for money good processor good style best performance good camera clarity best performance of light senior good battery life front camera was nice.
looks better than any phone i see around os camera is awesome even for dim lights good battery very smooth in operation due to go ram and quand core processor excellent graphics and above all extremely sleek and handy.
speed ok.
others it has a qualcomm snapdragon 400 processor which give you a agree experience of playing games and doing multitasking.
good screen , camera looks nice to hold nice os ( almost stock android) , decent processor.
amazing speed camera and other features.
about speed of using .( is like running in river u can get as speed as u can do ) i m not impressed by speed animated opening takes lot of time after some use ( nearly 15 days).( is like running in river u can get as speed as u can do ) i m not impressed by speed animated opening takes lot of time after some use ( nearly 15 days).
for folks/note: handset become responsive while taking continuous pick in hot atmosphere(on normal hot sunny day os there chance of replacement.
to lag of force closes yet.
speed increases after lollipop updated.
i also could not notice any speed difference between os vs lte.
speedy processor wont lag for even a second.games and graphics are faster 3.speedy processor wont lag for even a second.games and graphics are faster 3.
a decent buy within 11k for users who want motorola grand and build quality rose - smooth interface decent speed with less apply and implacable build quality.
os to lagging - processor is fast enough .
amazing mobile with features such as the next andros update as well as a ram, processor and display 13000/- is totally worth it.
completely undoubtedly the moto os and it feels so much expensive in my hand it feels better than my friends os or an s55 inches is the perfect telephone size 720p still looks amazing at 5"touchscreen is as responsive as an s3/4camera is so much better.front camera is actually the most amazing upgrade of the whole thing.bad.
only drawback is quadcore processor instead of octacore.
on paper a great phone to play with great sappy processor a os of ram, 8mp camera and all 2.another pp crashing instance is of the playmusic and man it is a major one you stroll down at a certain speed and it clashes you search for some random song and it crashes.the best developed music pp terrified by goose clashes in such a great fashion.hail moto, nail flipkart and nail hittttler, no offence os buy it regret it feel free to curse the motorola and flipkart by statutory warning kiss i kahi-suni baton pe na jaayein, anna pain march are people istemaal margin fir wishawas karein.
forget the internal opens such os processor and ram it fulfill all average requirement of every and most andros user and moreover it has stock andros 4.4.4.
i call the customer care who are quite responsive and i decide to give it another try i charge it in the morning from 620-900 am and i take it with me whole day with no gaming no g or g no wife no calls nothing and till 1 pm it was down to 66% and now at 830 pm it is on 14%.
after looking at the xperia, i did not like the size of the device as well as the low fixed per inch count which made the icons look rather blurry.as far as processing goes the bony was rate a little faster but so far i have not noticed any lag with things that have been doing.
james are running with no lag or heat.
operation is smooth-never hang .
the phone is kind of cool with good performance and nice speed while browsing.
i would love to see a bit more speed in there as android 5.0 has begun to hang on me a bit.i would love to see a bit more speed in there as android 5.0 has begun to hang on me a bit.
within 15 days of purchase mobile automatically gets switch off signal disappears shone gets hang battery even doesn works more than 8 course when i did complain they told me they will call me back since last 48 hours no call or revert from flipkart so dont purchase from them anything.
rose os very nice look classic look os speakers are good voice quality is better internet browsing speed is also good os internal storage is 16 gb.so no need of os cards.
the andros os is also kind of similar the plain vanilla one on nexus , hence its smooth and responsive.
touch screen isn responsive at all.
overall very good at this price with features like 1.2ghz quad-core processor added feature is upgradable to lollipop.
him using it on the mobile network and so far have no issues with the hspa+ speed.
ph hang is a huge palm in it without any installation of pp.
doesn't lag a bit while playing games and special thanks to its 16 go internal memory.
speed is also not good.
os os screen 8mp camera 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor 1 os ram etc etc everything on phone worked fine just like moto g except for camera.
have have it a month now and only had one minor freeze up.
gros : os superb 8 os primary camera and 2 os secondary camera os dual him (gsm + gsm) os 1.2 the qualcomm had more processor - slow down for more apes os 1 os ram - an be improved os android v4.4.4 (kitkat) os - upgradable to lolipop- nice to have os inch os screen - really nice to watch sons : os battery life might be improved.
quick and responsive while being simple to use from out of the box.
it has the tendency to lag while using too many apes i use google now launched nova does not seems to have that issue.
it the end of the day i would say shone is good at this price and if one can compromise with some lag and battery back which comes once phone gets upgrade to lolipop) then go ahead also lolipop 5.0.2 has some bags which i experience while using my phone.
awesome mobile with lot of features and of course with stunning speed and cool looks.i am sure this smartphone is capable to beat any mid-range smartphones.got this mobile from market giant flipkart and believe me guns flipkart has awesome service whether it is channel delivery or its customer service.flipkart never compromise with quality.
it this budget this phone is so good.good speed , no lagging in processing , camera quality is very good,audio sound is so clear and loud.good one at this budject.
but still when you compare all these things with the speed of the phone battery back-up, overall user interface and amazing features you forget about the sons of the products.
it is user friendly fast and doesn hang.
the moto g and gen mobile slow charging and getting hang very worst condition in battery charging the battery will take to full charge around 5 hrs.worst please dont buy this product.
good battery life screen size speakers speed os sloth.
speed camera quality flash is available everything is awesome.
front sterno speakers great screen and fast processor.
the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous phone the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
to lag while using multiple application.
lag while play heavy games 3.
lag free smooth like makhan.
it has a decent processor good display and an average camera.
configuration is excellent with all the features and mind blowing speed.
it this price range i preferred this phone to everyone after hardly using i m writing this review there is only one sons in the phone that is battery life but if u use it properly then battery is also good and other functionality look and flipcart service is great as always no lag in the phone additional features give you great experiences dont this more just buy it os.
first let me thank flipkart for its tonic speed delivery of moto g and men ordered at 12 midnight and got it by 10 am.
so no clear judgment here but i would prefer a smaller size.screen is good - also visible in sunny environment was trying to define some speed dealing numbers and had goose for help over i think very unable and the price is unbeatable.now.very responsive behavior it uses microsim card which is not a big deal in general because the card is only different in the plastic around the contact - so you can cut away the plastic carefully and make it work i was lucky that my nearby t-mobile store had a little utter tool and they cut my card from sim to microsim for free.seems ok but certain things are not really intuition cups - am i complaining again about software os os will update how it behaves after dropping it on the ground and after accidently dropping it in water - ha hang also booked a flight to the space station and will report on its behavior in zero gravity.
but the speed is tremendous and this mobile is much better than samson products.
will now its working great no lag no hang no slowness.will now its working great no lag no hang no slowness.
the screen is very responsive and excellent overall.3).headphone back quality6) processing speed very fast.
am facing hang issues even if i using 3 or 4 additional applications other than the in-buile apps.
although inexpensive, it lacks many modern amenities like 802.11a 5ghz iii and high speed lte cellular data.
i am using this shone from 3 months i have not got any problem like hang, battery let os restart which i faced when i was using samsung phone.
overall good there is a little bit of lag on camera pp.
2)battery charging speed is quite low.
it has a decent processor good display and an good camera in class.
there is problem with calling option.sometimes it will hang an we need to switch of an switch on,,,,,, otherwise prone is god with god camera quality.
there is no lag in everyday use but sometime when there are a 10 or so windows open in the background you do notice slight lag in kitkat.there is no lag in everyday use but sometime when there are a 10 or so windows open in the background you do notice slight lag in kitkat.
its superb.no lag , using for last 1 month.after lollipop update the all over ui feel is nice.fully satisfied with moto g2.paisa was product.:) battery life average 8 mrs with harsh use of internet game wifi.so canst complain about it.
rose everything is good at this price and upgrade version of android sons its charging speed is very slow and drains out very soon with simple internet searching.
i can switch between apes seamlessly, and i haven experienced any lag yet.the only lag have experienced was from a few very graphics intensive games but that was just to benchmark the phone.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
his phone is phenomena in terms of processor & overall user experience.
os unable to access ratification war on top of screen os display at the bottom really responsive .
contact gets happened in the speed dial list after you dial the number from contact.
the only fault is that touch became responsive after the lollopop upgrade.
the display is brilliant phone shows no sign of lag on moderate use.
the main reason motorola did not bump up the processor and the mammas the hardware can easily work,multi taking is also smooth on the phone.no.
the phone arrived neatly packed.the phone has a crisp screen and display is good.the performance is also lag free.the camera gives decent photo.
it capture great photo have a smooth touch incredible speed and os display.had more processor.
the moto g improves on what its processor lacked micro os card slot,beautiful os inch display and 8mp camera .
moto g has all the features one can think off at this prize range 1 os ram works fine along with a pretty good processor speed.moto g has all the features one can think off at this prize range 1 os ram works fine along with a pretty good processor speed.android lollipop update did not find any lag as mentioned by few of the reviewers.
but lag sometimes when you load with multiple application.i expect then upgrade the processor in next version for smooth experience.very much responsive notice no lag or delay.very much responsive notice no lag or delay.
i wish i would had rate 0 or in minus.i ordered for moto g and generation.i received used phone and hand.it was not working good at all faced lots of hang camera slower os problems.when the time came to exchange it i courier it within a day.than the worst thing happened was they were not replacing back a new phone giving shit reasons of out of stock.for refund it took a month.never buy badges online they are frowd.never trust this site its not worth.it dont even deliver on time products please.
his phone you have to buy 5 inch os display 1.2 processor,11 os pp memory excellent sound quality,4.4.4 mitka version,awesome self camera but the main disadvantage is ram .
though hangs few times not sure due to virus or over all processor & memory short comings delivery good.
now about moto g and generation,it is a nice product by motorola.the 5 inch screen is stunning.the performance of the processor is excellent.no laws while twitching between apps.camera quality is also nice.
i am moderate user not a gaming freeze and the phone is going quite well for me except many minor but irritating drawback.does'nt hang in moderate usage am not gaming free but dozen of pp runs in my phone all the time 4.
good camera sound quality is best but after upgrade andros its goes hang.
for a smartphone, its not about the processor the ram or any speck on paper.
excellent piece of performance by the smartphone reviewing the speed of operations throughout the camera quality and the network signals for calling as well as the battery back to run a day functions with an ease.
excellent phone with excellent speed excellent battery back and screen resolution.
shone is having excellent speed & display quality.
great speed.
the mobile display is big and processing speed is very good at this cost.
first of all before starting the review let me first congratulate flipkart for their delivery speed got the product in just 1 day os now about the phone.i will say it is the best you can get in the price range ask to 15k.the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .the stylish build and user and user interface #5" display loud and good quality front loudspeakers amazing camera quality.and also a very good front cam which takes amazing series os lightning speed processor without any lag or hang os os rram external memory expandable unto 32gb even with 16gb internal bones pretty average or below par battery difficult to get accessories as the product is new to market but i am sure this will get resolved in a matter of weeks os poor quality headphones .
it doesn mean it hangs a lot you'll rarely see some lag on it.
i would give an arm & a leg as they say to get a good performance smart mobile after i was begged by my slow as snail samsung' that used to hang every now and then to the extent that i was afraid the set will be of no use even in emergencies that still take about 2-3mins for me to even do simplest stuff like make a call or send an sums.an appreciate the pure andros packing of motorola however probably one of the reasons for its speed & reliability so this was a petty issue in final reckoning.
hang is a reason of andros used roughly.
the phone also has a faster gui which displays the efficiency of the processor inside.
his phone was too much good to use the processor was fast no hang battery back its k camera quality is nice one easy to use.his phone was too much good to use the processor was fast no hang battery back its k camera quality is nice one easy to use.
over all its very good buy considering its phenomena operating speed a better buying experience as always with fk.
good and fast processor - os lag 2.good and fast processor - os lag 2.
mitka which can be upgrade to andros 5.1 it has a 400 snapdragon quand core processor which is very fast it also had dual sterno speakers which are super all apes are very fast and they wont struck while we use them it has flash with 8 up camera and secondary camera is 2 up it have all goose apes which we canst see in all mobile because motorola is combined with the goose company so,it's all about this mobile and so much to know about it.
you can watch moves haste free and no hang up as on date.
am is 1gb but shows only around 800mb merely its an alternate theater its not as fast as it should have been in a quad-core processor battery runs down within hours of use camera is good overall i would like to recommend it to you all.
or you want to update apes via wife yes it will updated no comments on processor but now you need to charge your phone as wife have suck or battery.
no hang issue lolipop is running well no heating issue as well after heavy use.battery is not up to the marked.
for this high prices must cortex based qualcomm processor.
it does freeze up with facebook sometimes or any pp that is large .
the moto's display is a bit more saturated than the htc's more vagrant display however.speakers- i cannot comment on the quality of the htc's loud speaker as it was damaged by water over a year ago and has been extremely muddy and static sounding ever since however i can compare the moto's speakers to the nexus 7 2013's speakers in terms in quality however i find the front firing speakers better in that they dont get muffled.performance- the htc's 1.5ghz dual core processor and 1gb of ram does not compete with the moto's 1.2ghz quand core and 1gb of ram.
speed 3.
camera is nice screen quality is good an play heavy games without any lag battery is average but when you update it to lollipop 5.0.2 the performance decreases , the phone be came lagged.
device is very fast the processor and ram is given such better performance is very good os one thing it has that the head phone is not to good .
but the device is working very slow on lollipop os.some times it got hang while playing games or browsing internet.
it runs on quardcore 1.2 the snapdragon 400 processor with aren 305 so.speed is awesome.the.most advantage of this phone is that we can play games like nos most wanted shalt 8 without any lag and senior problems.
google camera gives superb results battery - 6/10 battery back up is good but and rather have a higher capacity battery i speed for this phone over zenphone 5 because of stock android.
speed reduced not as expected.
working in venezuela with movilnetpros: lovely os screen quick and responsive touch perfect size screen gorilla glass micro-usb charging (common), stock android it at upgradeable to android l already released microsd card sloth front sterno speakers great call quality great reception prices unlocked great for travel no contract.
(kitkat) good processor & graphics speed you can play most of high end games.(kitkat) good processor & graphics speed you can play most of high end games.
even with the os limitation it runs almost as fast as my htc os one.great display responsive screen.
i can use me buy for my friends and he go he call his camera was go n also pp go support with out hang n also gorilla glass.
hspa+ on at&t which gives good speed for normal use dont need lte.
i like the screen the processor the camera and the lollipop updated.
speed 3.
it does not hang and sometimes it heat up which is quite normal in any phone for that matter.
feels like a premium phone with excellent display and a very smooth processor.
design the g is beautifully built with amazing feel in the hands with its curved back.it doesn slip from your hand at all and is the best built in comparison to the moto g ui: the moto g runs stock andros 4.4.4 and i have never experienced a lag even with 6-7 apes open at once.the phone has been built to run stock android and doesn lag at all offering a smooth user experience display:a crisp 720p os display is quite impressive with gorilla glass which is not offered on the canvas nitro.
enough to satisfy your need.but the problem was changing of g network to g automatically.bcz it was preferred,may the os problem,otherwise its a nice phone with everything good,backup,clarity,speed,durability,waterproof.
price below ask very economical camera : capture os quality is very good 8pixel meg fixed front body : very slim think of you are searching below ask phone then go for this his phone give you style fast processing speed ram is 1gb which is more enough for suffering is very easy pure kitkat low light picture quality is extremely good screen moto g launch good product in ask i think.
he are yet to get the connection but so far the features and speed are too fascinating for me and my wife.the mobile wont hang for any load.
i purchased moto g 2 before 20 days it giving me internet issue i used 3 different him in this phone but i am getting this problem again and again many times it give g speed many time g and lots of time internet never work when i complained to replacement then they rejected the request.
very simple but responsive ui, excellent performance good battery life.
touch sense are good very responsive over all value for money.
there is good camera quality excellent phone speed.
soon on all those are worst phone gets heated up , cam dont function well suddenly it becomes black , phone gets stuck or hang up easily multiple touch needed to take call or open clock pattern os ratification bar sometimes dont work sound is not good os i have applied for return request they said reebot it after reporting also same no change dogs tail can be straightened naa.
prone budget phone camera quality good sound good touch good cost battery charging speed very very slow laws in lollipop handgrip not convenient.
does not lag at all.
sometimes battery will drain quickly when it reaches 15% except this problem every other features like camera processor display touch all are awesome.
rose good speed for browsing multi asking is excellent pain camera is good front camera is not bad it has good speakers.
good screen very responsive.
the ram and processor can be a problem for some of the people it the end i would suggest you guns to buy this phone if want a nice stylish phone at this price + a branded and reliable company like motorola.
there lot of problem in network conductivity which is very slow to connect and in my phone it doesn show os only h or os it is not very big problem but sometimes you cannot judge the exact speed of the network.colourful natural and crisp not like samson phone which has over saturated display.touch is very responsive and battery smooth.
to its very economical for me!when i turn it on it automatically seeks out and connect to my wi-fi network and when i leave the house it automatically switches to the cell towers.this smart phone is basically a hand held computer and very fast in my opinion again never had a phone with a quand core processor in it).
chennai.got it in 24 hours.nice job by flipkart.i have been following this phone in internet for a while and after all searches decided to go for it on the launch day itself.now let me share my hands on experience about the phone looks nice stylish and branded display bright and non pixelate for its size though the speaker on either end occupies display space icon appear big trying to change it somehow right weight and fits in your palm and pocket well good performance no lag with gazing nice and smooth ui 1 os is it enough.everytime i download an pp i have a doubt in my mind.as of now its ok.no lag two micro him slot.supports micro os 32 gb.
its too quick to do a full review but the phone functions well without a lag even when twitching between different programs.
i am using this smartphone since last four months till now no hanging problems camera speed screen sharpness all is excellent.every.
it is apple of india next to nexus os the shone speed is awesome, thanks to motorola to add new things in moto g and make it moto go .
moto os and men is a good phone when it comes to the screen size looks clarity audit quality gazing speed and so on.
there is no lag when i play games.
i have no keys , coins or anything in the pocket that i place my phone so i dont know how did that happenoverall, i think this product has the same features of a flag ship device with a low lowered processor.so if you do not multitask that much or play very intensive games this is a superb phone for you.if this had a better processor higher pp and a good battery in willing to even pay $500 for this phone because of its designed.
initially i was not comfortable with white background menu but after using it for 15 days i am pretty much used to it n i m really loving this phone everything from performance sound interface connectivity, storage to speed os everything is great 8 os camera works just fine not too good n not too bad the only problem i saw is battery backup.
its responsive and that battery life.
shone may have 1.2ghz processor but still phone works smoothly if only increase in ram could have made it best budget phone.and.
those who have very sluggish internet speed after twitching to this phone.turn off location and restrict background data of google lay tore and google services.
after telling them again they accepted the return and schedule it for delivery till th hang thanks to flipkart for helping me out.
speed for one day delivery and flipkart delivered it as said.
camera clarity super in and net speed is ok but more applications installed then mobile will be trusted.
good camera clarity with its 8 os camera and also very good speed while using internet on the shone good product at a good rate by motorola.
superb speed.
speed is nice web browsing is excellent plays all games well.
him using this since 6 months and in this period this phone did not hang any time.
the stock andros on this device works great and you wont feel any lag at all.
moto g and gen is a good phone with a nice camera a fairly good processor and ram.doesn hang but too early to comment.
good processor.
ought 2 of thesepro's: android ui is super smooth and fast there no no lag ( i do not play video games so i cannot judge for that)one of the first to get android updatesvery good battery lifecrisp clear screencheap pricememory upgradeablecon's: to ltenon-removable batterynow people may say this feels flies or cheap compared to a samsung s5/note or a htc phone but those are premium phone which cost 3 - 5 times more than this phone.
1 os ram is not excellent but it gets the job done with only small amounts of lag / shutters.
it does lag a little bit after i have installed some applications.but then i think most phone will lag after you have installed some applications .
his phone has slightly better processor and around 850-900 os ram (couldn't determine exact ram because it shows values between 850 to 880 mb, and motorola claims 1 os of ram).despite this difference between actual and claimed ram, there is no lag while doing usual operations on phone.camera quality is good though i noticed minor lag in adjusting focus.
his and gen moto os android lollipop version may not be quite up to the same revision as the nexus but it also doesn shut-down or freeze frequently yet given the current state of the art of enforced obsolescence and controlled lack of quality i expect this will soon start.android pp response it better with this moto - the processor speed seems to be a significant improvement over the n4.android pp response it better with this moto - the processor speed seems to be a significant improvement over the n4.usb to go seems to function well limited testing so far)speed, sensitivity and network functionality on t-mobile's network seems to be at least as good as the os - i still get 3g+ in all the places i used to and probably a few more.his seems to work better than he n4; better range and slightly higher speed using 802.11n.
with its inch is display 2.2ghz processor gaming and aching bodies is so smooth.
does not hang.
his phone has the same hardware speck as the phone act which was my previous phone nevertheless phone c was miles faster and more responsive.
good phone no complaint of heating long battery life as promised light weight never hang.
i got it a week ago and fell in love with this mobile moto g and gen has a better processor and better features.
last responsive 3.
excellent product for the prices good screen resolution great features enough fast and with the sufficient processor power and performance for the average hard data and programs user the features i think are the most noticeable are the back cover personalization and interchangeability, the micro us card port capability the 5 inch os screen (720 put the look and feel of the products the front firing sterno speakers and the possibility of android os early upgrade besides ism still waiting for the 5.0 loolipop upgrade to this date).
nice mobile good battery back and fast processor upgradeble mitka to lalipop overall good specification.
i am using this mobile,very nice product in terms of performance no lag even after 5.02 lollipop updated.dont download battery save or speed bolster act kind of apps.they.
smooth operation strong processor plenty ram gorgeous screen and plenty storage for those apply.
speed delivery very good battery back and cool and large display.
very good product , good screen and display processor is last and fearless , to time last data speed is good one , camera quality needs improvement.very good product , good screen and display processor is last and fearless , to time last data speed is good one , camera quality needs improvement.
the moto g was able to keep up with all the testing talking email twitter interest etc with little to no lag time.the screen looks great - i would say better than my nexus 4.
had a bit lag but its delivers ok.
1.7ghz processor for gazing 3110mah battery.
the reason i speed for moto g over gone my was org support,water resistant coating is screen os.
- vice front and dear camera - excellent display - good music quality - enough screen size - excellent speed disappointed with the headphones given with the phone.
to hang up issue.
also the phone is equipped with qualcomm quand core processor and you get a internal memory of 16gb ( 5 go shared so that makes it to 11 go approx).
the moto os doesn lag even with 10-12 applications in background , wondering why there is a new for 2 os ram if one is an average user.even big games such as shalt 8 and fifa15 run smoothly without a single last.
fig 5", gorgeous bright and crisp 294ppi screen gorilla glass)----- very fast and responsive.i have a ton of apes and had plenty of background apes running and the phone is still very fast and lag free.i heard some people complain about lag but i haven experienced any of that.last time i checked i even had 18 apes running in the background and the phone was still very fast and responsive.
fantastic handset os mid range, best battery back up, flexibility os move apps os os card, best features, excellent speed.
the phone freeze a lot and performance is baggy and slow 3.
the all quality the display battery round camera the had more processor hats what you expect from a phone at this price range.
god one.cool camera.white colour mob is class too.but after 4 months its getting hang.
i can it is a pretty good phone neat & sturdy design decent display & camera(works great in hdr mode and a great processor could have increased the am and is a little over prices but works fine.latest andros os(will get andros l updated 16gb storage dual speakers(not loud but clear battery lasts for a day but drains quickly while using os data and playing huge games like real racing 3 and the processor gets over heated sometimes.
his phone works great i had a os os before it and thought this phone would be slower or not as responsive but not so it does everything i want it to do and does it all well.
other important features like speed memory etc are very good.
to worries cause i have my old charges still and they speed things up.
buying the mobile.good speed.
screen became responsive after two days of use.dont know because of lollipop update or something else but made me frustrated.its been two days only.bad experience with moto.opted item return.lets see what happens after replacement.counting on flipkart service os.
it very nice to just ask it to play a song or artist and it just does it.i'm using the os gsm version and with t-mobile, him seeing lte like speed with hspa+.
it freeze but not for long.
it has an excellent body finish pretty good while holding did not feel cheap interest of looking primary camera takes pretty good shots specially in the outdoor conditions heavy games can be played smoothly it with multiple games at the same time it can hang for a moment or so cause of its 1gb ram .
run totally lag free 4.
as per normal usage battery back is good and processor is fine.overall look 9 white is better processor os graphics os am os battery os company updation os ear phone quality os mobile speaker and out put to headphones os value for money 9 these review based on personal usage since 10 months.
the biggest difference between the phone is the shone has noticeably faster processor with better graphics processor.the biggest difference between the phone is the shone has noticeably faster processor with better graphics processor.
