super touch feel.
review updated to 2 stars on 10/april/2015 sons : (1) touch utter : i think i received a faulty device.the touch is stuttering.
sons : - i still wish the screen size having 4.5 or 4.7 it would have been perfect phone.now a days all good phone having larger screen size.
i found the screen big enough to navigable but too big to use it as a phone.
from the distance a person looks at the phone screen human eye doesn even resolve the different fixed resolutions in this range and above.the screen is not too big and not too small with sharp colors.
display screen was not up to the marked.
west smartphone you can get for this prices moving the camera quality,big screen and dual channel front audit speakers.
the screen looks fantastic the aesthetic are absolutely lawless and it simply feels wonderful to the hand.the battery life is much better than most other phone available even with the larger screen than the original.
his phone gives allot for the price.it's fast and has a big screen (very bright screen - good for outdoors)camera is not top quality but i didn expect it to be.overall, him very satisfied with it.
touch sensitivity is awesome.
everything is fine with phone except touch screen.sometimes touch is not working properly.
not compare it with chinese phones.when branded companies like samsung,sony,lg sell their devices with the same hardware and poor screen quality at a higher price than the moto g then no one has a issue.but when a chinese company cells a phone with the same hardware then everyone says motorola is overpriced.remember people it was the moto g that shook the mid tier segment.screen quality-its a 5 inch 720 ips lcd screen and as usual the quality of the display panel is very good,viewing angles are good too.color.
the product is very good and up to the mark price has valued but only 1 problem i am facing as the product is hanging some times and some times the touch screen does not work so have to start the phone other wise superb shone.
of i would use any type of screengaurd my touch screen would start to act funny.but the screen turned yellow and the buttons went inside the body.
buttons : his time buttons have a soft touch feel to it.
screen vice crisp and vivid.
screen touch is giving problems battery level suddenly drops from eg 70% to 5%.sometimes not able to pick calls issue with touch.
the screen looks decent the camera takes pictures the speakers make noise and the phone has a reassuring left.i did read the specification before purchasing but i was not prepared for how large the screen is in my hand.
by complaint number - 32226365 - still am not getting replacement set by touch is not working from the day 1.
this is the waste phone i have ever bought i just want to through this out of my home first of it started from camera it laws frames while shooting video then it started heating up after lollipop update entire phone became june now its touch stopped working.
whatever the new phone works well and the larger screen is great.
good may player fast functioning, phone reception quality forward facing speakers with good volume battery life large clear screen and unlocked without a large price tag.and this phone delivers on all of it.
solid build quality & good screen.
but there is no short cut bar on screen.
amazing screen 2.
the big screen is indeed a wonderful update to the good old moto g st men 2.battery - a small problem indeed since now you have a powerful screen to touch with the same st men battery.
good touch quality.
good battery back and good sound quality.touch is nice but it distort when you touch it with wet hands.
negative things are battery and dpi for screen.
some times while starting pp half of the screen shows black and it comes to normal if i minimize and minimize it once again.
him a heavy duty user of smartphone features and i found the moto go gen 2 to be an excellent buy for the price ; avert - i have only been using it for 3 days so far but i have noticed the following : smooth performance good handling the touch interface is fruitless and has all the features that one needs.
the phone clarity touch flipkart delivery everything is good but major problem i am facing is the poor network catching capacity of my phone.it goes out of coverage at places where other phone on same network have complete coverage.
when it showed shutting down dialogue and then the screen after start showed motorola log with lowered by andros written below.to i put the phone on charging as the screen was on and then i slept.in the morning i found same thing on screen idea.i even came to know that they remove the original lcd panel of the phone and replace them with the face ones.
screen is the only challenge.it is strictly advisable to go for tempered glass screen protector else you might lose your hard earned money in one go.
it worked ok for 1 month and the problem started then its touch was not working.i gave my mobile at service center they repaired and still touch was not working.
i have purchased this mobile just 45 days back and its becoming complete blank screen and hangs frequent please its my request dont buy.
dual stereospeakers,ips screen latest andros 5.0 lolipop.
the combination of quadcore 1 go ram and now 720p with 5 inch screen is the best.
touch screen very smooth.
even the screen size is 5 inch still its ~294 pp fixed density which makes poor clarity than its earlier version which is ~326 pp fixed density 3.touch is not sensitive.
the screen is also large and display is excellency clear.
his cell phone has a beautiful screen and works very smoothly.the camera is good and the 5 inch screen size is generous.
touch not so battery smooth 4.
with a good screen battery life and performance there not much to disliked.the camera is very good 8 meg pixels, and the screen really beings out those pictures.of i play games and watch video and do very intensive things it burns through battery in 5-6 hours.pros: good screen good cpu, good battery good camera.con's: battery no removable battery back plate creeks slightly.update: andros lollipop update came the instant i turned the phone on.
the touch is crisp like poetry in motion.
pitch free screen transitions movement from one pp to the next great call quality screen size usability.
even grand prime having que screen is prices higher.
a bit buggy at times and the screen was smaller than i expected.
please goose about screen problems.
the major problem is with display it is continuously flakes when brightness kept at low level.
basically runs like a nexus 5 for line half the price but with a better battery dropped my nexus 5 for the first time ever and the screen broke immediately.
i had to lower the brightness at lowesttt.:( 4 stars for the bad battery backup.
the screen is good.
has a better camera larger screen and the country i live in does not have 4g.
while charging listening to songs playing games charging and whenever screen is on or any other program you opened and forget it to close the phone becomes a theater.
basically once the phone screen goes in standby mode and you try to bring the screen up by pressing the power button the screen doesn come up.of you get a call on the cell the screen doesn come up.
i compared the screen appearance of both the honest.
i m unable to order screen guard and lip cover.
i was concerned that the larger screen would be too big but in operation it doesn seem that much larger.
the biggest concern i have with it while using it the other day.the screen seems to be twitched.i read other reviews where people have had their screen go completely out on them.
nice camera,excellent graphics,good looks,very smart,but low battery life in a nut shell the phone is brilliant package of amusement but for a short time.
the product delivered was defective and probably already used ( the hands came in with a matt finished screen guard already starting to wear off.
overall the touch is smooth and nice and so is the performance but what i feel is missing is 1.launched and lock screen customization 3.
had kept the mobile in my jeans pocket just stooped a little to pick up something and the screen cracked.though this phone is in warranty this cracked screen costs k to replace at the authorized service centre at andheri (east).
touch screen during charging the touch screen does not work.
the moto g is a nice phone with large screen good built quality and good performance.
the pro his phone got a great display processing good enough to play high end processing games without last nice camera,speakers on the front are good nice touch and great looking.
rarely it doesn respond to my tap even though my hands and screen are pretty clean.
awesome camera , great graphics his hands contains all the features which the buyer desires.but the disadvantage is that this hands has very short battery back-up time and its battery needs very long time to charge.this is the only drawback in this phone but instead of this this phone is awesome.
vice big screen.
screen is bright and sharp.
i got my moto g and gen replaced as the touch was not working.
, 8mp camera primary and 2mp in front really good sound quality thanks to the dual front speakers very good battery life expandable storage screen resolution is good.
performance is fast screen looks good speaker is wide and loud and its one of the fattest updated android phone in the market.
dual stereospeakers,ips screen latest andros 5.0 lolipop.
i got this for my brother and he loves the big screen size and the color.
by only issue is that blue lines appeared on the screen.
camera quality has improved screen size has increased looks better.
absolutely no last the speakers are awesome; perfectly good microphone and i could fall in love with the touch.
totally waste of money.phone started hanging after 1 week and screen goes on/off anytime.the screen guard doesn have the goose log in white which gets faded on wiping or on regular usage which now left the customer septic about whether its a first hand or not.
* excellent "retina-class" high-ppi ips lcd display.
the phone display touch and everything was perfect.
i was even provided an extra default feature,i.e.,even if i double tap the screen it gets enlarged . . .
on the screen appeared a lighter area than in the rest.
the major issue is only the battery which is insufficient for this big screen mobile.
that same day the problem persist i take it again to the service center(this time they say the screen might need to be changed 6.
by cell touch screen not working.
the design was good and happy with the screen size.sometimes the touch is not working have to start the phone.
the next minus point is screen glass this mobile slips down from my part pocket and totally broken and i went to service center they told that it costs 6750/- ( i just shocked and told that screen glass not covered in warranty.
the screen is awesome with gorrila glass 3.
rose screen is smooth and crisp.
hd screen is classic.delivers sharp image and texts 2.
the screen resolution.except that awesome experience with motog2.
i felt that if it would have 2gb or 1.5gb ram it would b more awesome but is this price range it in nice good thing---- camera too god screen look fig n morning gorilla glass so so so nice i hate screen guard and lip cover ) about bad thing i really can find anything my rating 4.5 stars half star i have not given for battery but member it a smartphone so less backup).
i used phone working is good but one day unfortunately it dropped from just one foot and screen break just from one foot.such.
the screen stuck when i wipe the apes pages.
------------------ gros * display brightness and color reproduction.
he also loved that increase in screen size from the moto g which i own.
coming to the phone.its the best smartphone you get for ask except xiaomi mid but that has been discontinued from from flipkart,so moto g is the best option left if you want to experience andros 5.0 rose the display is awesome colors are vivid look natural not saturated like samsung shit phone all he games can be played lawless except modern combat 5 which laws sometimes and shalt 8 on high graphics setting.sons there are some vertical lining on my display when screen is off only visible in sunlight but does not affect while using the device.and i would suggest that do not put matter screen guard on this device screen start to look like pixelated.
the first product which i received was a defective piece [ touch and network issues .
first of all when i got this product,there weren any motorola log or name on the screen guards seen it when one of my friend bought it.
love the touch camera is just as as and as cons:less network conductivity average battery life.
prose big screen dual speakers camp and imp camera latest andros cost -720p screen sometimes looks like blurryness in the pictures.many other bands are giving 1080p screen in this price range (10-15000rs) no g , no of , no tireless charging , and the big one it dont have 5 multitouch screen rear and front camera are good but not up to the mark.if u want a crystal clear camera go for some other brandy because camera is just ok types looking feels like cheap chinese phone.
unfortunately the screen died on me within a months.
i preferred a 4.5 in screen size because my palm is small.
the screen did not brake even falling from a height of 5 feets.people who say that screen broke from the height of 2 feet are those who might have thrown their phone out of anger and the result was screen broken by experience says "yes, there is a good quality of morning gorilla glass 3:.
u can play game while walking in rain.:p gorilla glass screen wid smooth touch.thoughi use a screen guard so dat it stays new.camera is awesome in 6mp.
mobile screen had got vertical lines got in replaced from service center - it took 15 days 2.
battery lasts 1 and a half days on a normal usage (wifi/whatsapp/calls) screen and camera clarity is awesome and also has video slowmo features.
the graphics render fine.
media consumption watching video and playing games is better on the and gen moto g due to the bigger screen.battery life the and gen moto g keeps the same battery as the st gen one after increasing the screen size.
of you want a phone for light usage with a large screen for checking email and such this phone is for you.the large screen is nice for netflix, the front facing speakers are strong average but much more convenient than back/side speakers and the design of the phone is okay--the plastic on the back cover is very soft so buy a case.the battery life gets worse and quickly.the screen ardor the camera is very dull.
the screen and battery life should be have much more better.
lovely screen.
it feels premium provides rich andros experience has a large and rich screen good sound and rich battery life.
good display and touch response.
prone thwow display brightness was so good and clear.
picture quality is clear & bright even when the brightness is turned down a lot.i dont use any screen guard as the screen comes with gorilla glass 3 which does its work pretty decently.
the screen becomes hot after few mind of call.
when call arrives screen is not waking up.talking over left side was less audible compare to right side was disappointed:(:(.
hd display is very nice excellent touch screen cons: 1.
it has super smooth touch and great response to the touch screen.
screen brightness and colour reproduction are satisfactory but definitely not the best.
the screen is perfect battery is great and update support is greatly appreciated.
you'll find the screen is big enough for use and small and thin enough to go in a manes pocket.
it also looks good camera is nice screen size is perfect.
i got moto g and men 4 weeks before.touch is not working for me was not able to attend the phone calls,even clock is not working tried start the mobile several by long pressing the power button.but still touch is not working.
but also includes a great data counter and a useful torch it could maybe run a little faster and it have some bursa but with the update of lollipop, i think most of them would be solved can watch moves and series easily the sound is great, i love the fact that the speakers are in the front so you can hear everything the resolution of the screen is great please dont compare it to a retina display is not obvious the same)the size is perfect for medial the camera is really good have installed at least 72 apply and when it gets lagged i adjust the animation on developer mode and all solved love this phone offers a lot for a good price.you should get a good cases and forget a little in the aestethics, because of the cuts in the material investments that motorola does on this honest you can really regret if you just use it with no cases.i use it with a tpu case and goes good with it no screen protector yet and so far gorilla glass 3 is doing its job amazingly.
great screen,acceptable camera and very smooth performance.
good phone to buy at this price compare to all other bands this phone has very smooth touch and smooth operation.
i m really happy to buy my st andros phone moto g and gen is a value for money mobile the camera , looks screen display is awsome, really happy to buy this product.
the screen size which is bigger from the previous version is a perfect one for any view of applications or checking the mails or even browsing through home in mobile.
and a i enjoy the 5 inch screen on this phone.
the camera is also good image quality far improved from the st gen and 5 " screen is what makes it a joy to look at.
there are two giant speakers on the bottom and top of the screen with great quality sound.
then second one after few days touch stopped working.
everything about this phone is average screen is fairly sharp and its way better than its predecessor.
camera quality is very poor & screen is very dull.
am donna make it short rose good came both back and front vice display sky speakers head phone very sensitive touch battery is attached to the phone difficult while opening the back cover you need to careful on this sons very poor battery back up to us had screen guards you need to replace one.
most of the times screen touch is not functioning.
i was happy with the initial touch & feel.
the screen is awesome and functions are very good.
round 15 days ago the phone slipped out my pocket while i was sitting on a chair.the phone dropped from merely a height of 1/2 a feet and its screen got cracked.its screen is so fragile that it should not be called as gorilla glass.
the only beef have had with the new g is the slight delay/stutter that i have occasionally when existing an pp and returning to the home screen not every time but fairly frequently i will have a blank home screen with no dock or icons - i attribute this to the 1gb of ram in the g vs the 2gb of ram i had in the nexus 4.
on see 15 i got my mobile phone , in 3 days by going through its use it doesn struck , after that the ratification bar is not wiping down and the touch is not working properly if touch it somewhere it is resulting somewhere else.iam not at all satisfied with my product , i just done with return request and getting a new piece replacing that old one.
motorola doesn replace only front glass it replaces entire screen module.
its gorilla glass,8mp camera touch everything rocks just loved it after the update to loolipop this is one phone anyone can buy so dont hesitate at all it brilliant.
the screen is crisp and the form factor of the phone is very good.
at least minimum 3000mha battery is required for this big screen smart phone .
pp such as moneycontrol keep frequently crashing the screen brightness is not that captive and the screen size is less than 5 inches due to screen buttons - a lot of body space wasted.
has made it possible again.first look is pretty impressive stylish screen powerful actions cool looks definitely lighter than the first moto go sound reproduction amazing improved cameras.also the sar value changes better :)).
screen was much better in former model.screen size and icons looks way better than former model.
i loved it to death but it suffered increasingly short battery life and would overhead if the screen was on for more than a few minutes.the screen itself is bright and the colors pop nicely.
camera is improved but in very low light it is happy and lots of noise u will love the screen to file manager can be download battery though a problem will last a day .
till now it has not shown any problems and running fine but the battery life is a had wearisome if you are using internet continuously and playing average graphics games.
screen to body ratio is also more and looks a little bigger in hands.
after few hours the display is getting green fully with grid lines fully over the screen and also the screen is getting blink with green and white color on the full screen.
the brighter side to doubt the product has marvellous features a good came display-sound quality,touch annals that at a price of 13k.
screen is not as good as moto g st gen. but still ****.recent screen 3.
screen clarity is decent too not that crisp but good i would say.
excellent camera quality and touch.
i bought this cell phone in february and last week the screen went black and the de motorola log appeared.
screen quality all quality and apiece volume is good.battery life is ok considering screen size.
screen is bright and pictures are great.
i needed an unlocked phone because my htc one mind essentially didn have a battery anymore would turn off within three hours plugged without so much as turning on the screen once.
there is an unbearable white patch on display screen and disturbed sound while making calls.
mostly damage-repair charges : for moto g st generation if your screen gets damaged it may coast around inr 5100 and for moto g and generation around inr 7000.
it has got some visible damage marks on the screen.
battery back is reasonably good given the screen size and the battery capacity.
its fast good screen and with the andros version updated to the last one.
i was so excited to use the mobile but my excitement come to an end when i found that the mobile i received was faulty(it has a dark black spot in the upper left side of the screen.
the touch from stream right and left end of the screen is not working properly when i have to drag from the corners.camera at the lock screen is very difficult to get it out , same in the case when i have to get the status bar when the screen is rotated horizontally it comes down after some tries.
sometime call will get connected and call display wont be coming on the phone screen.
the large screen was perfect for my needs.
screen right and colourful with awesome viewing angles and a screen to fall in love with.
i was able to play shalt 8 and other high-end graphics games.
good features at this price range and on the big billion day got this mobile at the best price sleek good touch sensory and worth to buy thanks to flipkart only thing i was annoyed is about delivery my friend order after me but he got two days prior to me.
large screen easy functions.
i love it it is fast modern has a big screen to watch video and easy to carry.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.
after open the box , mobile phone on screen guard dirty spot , accessories is also out of packing / polythene bag.
really last greaaat speakers excellent camera good screen resolution,decent battery life.
it is overhearing too much and the touch is not working at some circumstances.
though the screen size has gone up motorola have reduced bells and kept overall size still compact enough.while still at 720p, it has good brightness colors and contrast that make it a pleasure to look at.ips panel keeps is plenty bright and auto brightness works well not too aggressive).
screen very good.
after putting tempered glass for screen protection.touch of my mobile is not so smooth.
whenever any phone is connected to the charge random applications start opening on phone screen.co high games like asphalt, have to be played at low cresol otherwise even with medium graphics it clashes out same with other games.
4 screen brightness is very good we can use the phone in direct sunlight as well as in a dark room.
did it find there is white patch in screen i saw i thought it is normal.when.are not replacing screen co it has scratch on bottom.
the fixed density and the scratch proof screen is really value for money.touch screen sensitivity is also very good.
by problem seems to be problem with touch display in ratification bar as it is not able to come many times.also sometimes when mobile is in idle mode some black screen pop out similar to line system and displaying commands like developer version.
only probe i faced in this phone till no is auto brightness.i always keep it on 70-80% brightness level.
the design of the moto is very elegant & it comes with a screen guard on the phone so no need to buy one.
thirdly the sound quality call quality touch and everything else is simply amazing.
screen resolution and size is up to mark 2.while i am charging my phone touch is not working properly.
i like the look,sound,touch and its fast response but the battery life some how disappointed me.
very nice phone and pocket friendly with great features and huge screen size.
battery back-up is the major problem in moto g-2 and since i upgrade phone to lolypop andros my phone is creating touch issues.touch not working properly.
touch is not sensitive.
by take on moto g 2 : screen touch : awesome.
brightness is too good even if we set the brightness level low.but the limitation is high graphics games will make the mobile to perform low but i hope with this price motorolla has given a superb fine products.
in 3 days the screen blinked on and off,touch got less effective and then one fine day when i woke up half display was missing and touch stopped working.
that we need is smooth touch & fast processing.
touch sensitivity is not better then moto g(1st).
the screen is even bigger.
in i bought moto g and generation on th of march and the touch was not working on that piece i have requested for return on th march and they shipped a new piece.
i really want more of a tablet maybe 5.5 inch screen but bought this to tide me over until i decide what i really want to buy off contract.i almost bought the huawei ascend late 2 but a 6.1" screen was just too large for me got this in on the morning of september 19, 2014, and have been using it heavily ever since.
i like the graphics and video clarity and device performance of this phone.
it suddenly cast pink colour on the screen which lasts for 1-2 secs.many times.also sometimes it shows camera has stopped working.
automatic brightness is available which is a good things.he dont have to adjust the brightness every time.
shone is good in all terms ice display camera experience touch and feel.
install my player or mob player that can decide any video formats and can play mkv,flv,avi files etc.5 inch screen good enough for me to watch video and all ask worth buying.
wont buy this s*** the screen failed after 3 mouth suck motorola.
open is good as per price bigger screen & good display camera is good compared to lucia 920 to far no issues except battery life.
the been around the screen is not the thinness especially in the top mainly to give room to the sterno speakers yet the phone is surprisingly unable by one hand despite having a 5 inch screen.screen i have no idea how they managed to put such a good display inside a low budget phone like this.to matter where you go it adjust the brightness for you perfectly.it has wide view angles and the screen is very much view-able at bright sunlight so no issues there.the touch responsiveness is good enough to be satisfied.
you canst get the phone at any price in the market very good flat screen,loud speakers,gr8 colour,and a very good battery backup.i bought it in offer @ 11599/-.
shone is good screen having cornell glass makes it more different from other phone .
touch screen is very smooth and sound quality is great.
him very impressed by the screen and quality feel.
- smooth touch - lollipop is a pleasant experience.
worst phone screen breaks from fall of 1 feet goose yourself not gorilla glass as claimed replacement cost 7000/- worst after sales support simply dont buy any motorola honest.screen is replaced for 1900 at some places and 7000 at some places motorola has no control over its service centers as they are rd party.
the phone delivers on all the promises it is good looking sturdy with great screen decent camera and battery and plenty of processing power.
the screen on the moto g is good and something you will quickly get used to.for some reason the screen never feels bigger.i believe this is because the phone are very close in screen size and the sealing probably happens at a slightly larger screen size.
screen guard may too be unnecessary although if needed invest in a good one.
the touch screen stopped working after only 3 months of use.
it has a bigger inch screen improved camera and front-mounted sterno speakers.the basic formula remains the same but the changes are clear to see.
i tried to empty both of them out without a second thought and go back to the home screen.
photo clarity is very good touch screen very much smooth .
the screen is nice and motorola outside themselves.
want say how happy i was to hear she liked bigger screen as it was easy for her to use it and she is actually starting to use smart features of smartphone not only restricting herself in with calls and texts.camera is decent.
in much impressed with screen regulation and gaming.and stern speakrs.
good screen.
mind that there is no nfc and 5.0 go wifi, sometimes the phone laws a little bit when many applications are open and you are returning to home screen on 4.4.4).
very good phone with fast performance and good look screen is also very bright thanks flipkart for this phone.
screen on time of 5.5hr+ nice screen size is also great .
very nice screen.
the screen froze and stopped responding.
first of all the camera has a good resolution and images are less noisy if viewed on a lawton screen.
turn it on wipe the screen out of joy see waves form at the middle of the screen from top to bottom in the center of the screen.strike three would be the flicked when the phone is used at the lowest possible brightness level.also important is the fact that the display fails to register touch input at times which is extremely worrying for a full-touch device.
screen display and touch quality is good.
good screen resolution easy to hold.
excellent screen resolution it came unlocked as described on the title and worked immediately after inserting sim and configuring regional settings.
a black line appeared on the screen within two months no proper response from customer care i had to give the phone to customer care centre which was overcrowded in chennai just for depositing the phone i had to wait for one hour they have told that it will take 10 days to replace the screen .
screen sensor wont work properly 4.suddenly u will get black screen 5.
not satisfied with the product screen heat up i have replaced the products for 2 times but still the problems like heating and low speaker quality the phone hangs up for a while when getting back to home screen phone also gets slow with closing and opening the apes the phone has a pure version of andros but still it lags!!!.
fig bright screen 3.
i prefer the home button and the back and menu not in the screen.
shone is very good overall.good right screen,good battery and other good function are also in stand.
screen is normal.
the battery is great the screen is very clear.
but my happiness was short lived as the screen had a crack after a drop from hardly 2 feet height under gravity.the new phone costs 12999/- where as the screen costs you 7000/-.
i could not connect my sonya brain with my phone so the screen mirroring option is also not working.i updated to lollipop and still there is no change.better not to buy this phone.
touch sensitive is very good.
fig screen with bit small numbers of dpi doesn others me.screen is crisp clear and perfect.
battery setting shows the screen is taking up most of the battery even when i keep the screen brightness turned down all the way.
decent screen quality.
pro's: camera & picture quality screen size and ease of use with one hand.
touch experience sound quality display you name it.it is better than other phone .
the phone by the look of it looks good but am skeptically about it battery performance - as after upgrade the screen display size has changed but not the battery - wont the larger display drain the battery earlier than before.what has been your experience so far.pls do share.
i am using this phone for around 4 months here is what i found after usage pros:- superb screen size camera quality is far good compared to many phone in this budget.
i had a chat with burri balraj of motorola who asked to forward the screen shot.
excellent product for its screen size sleekness.
his phone is perfect the screen quality is amazing for the prices.
- right in weight bones - screen only 720p - battery drains too fast & takes more time to charge.
good screen andngreat touch good sound and clarity loud speakers good wife range good features recent camera motorola specific features like assist and migrate are awesome!.battery life less than 18 hours when data and wife are on battery life less than 40 hours when data and wife are off battery is in built so if and when it has to be changed it may be a problem gets a little slow at times contact sometimes take 2 to 3 seas to respond after touch i suggest buying a good power bank on the go.
the look touch feel is really class above expectation.
screen size.now brightness of screen.not suitable for outside usage.graphics heavy game like shalt always crashed.
it had multiple issue with hanging abrupt behavior like mixing venus and home screen images etc.
the battery back up is good & touch is also good.
us firstly the screen resolution is very bad.secondly the screen glass is brittle.by phone fell from 3 feet height and the screen cracked.plus you need to deposit the phone in service center for 20 days for getting screen replacement.
i have been using this product for about a months complained to flipkart "twice" that the product was sub-standard ( phone hangs on using multiple apply touch is pathetic battery life 2-3 hours on g etc and was directed to moto g care centre for the same.
last nice good screen and over all reliable.
it has all the features except the google now home screen on the left of the home screen page.
the touch is also very smooth .
* while playing shalt 8 with medium graphics mode it just came out with a note the the pp has unfortunately stopped.any video more than 5 to 10 minutes the screen turns white and whole phone hangs where the video getting saved but cannot be played.
touch is good.
picture quality resolution and touch is very good.
screen size is not like a mobile its like note or tax and its difficult to handle with single hand so please make its screen size like moto g st genu.
by defy plus was his a beast because it never gave up even when i tortured it again and again with heavy drops water splashed and the gorilla glass was tough as hell because i never used a screen protector on it.
in has a much better screen but its not that big a factor.
i switched from galaxy s which was giving me battery problems and the screen quality seemed to be degrading.screen quality - i dont find any significant difference coming from s ( honestly never liked the over saturated colours on s 8.
furthermore the icons were pixelated in 5'' screen.though the screen maintained the sharpness but not for so long.
a low quality screen is been inserted and sent to me as the replacement piece.
its a great phone it has a great screen and delivers a great performance.
great products excellent screen and camera.
and good screen resolution.
melting smell is coming from top speaker after 10-15 mind usage and screen is getting heated more.
the 5 inch screen is really good.
when it works its a fantastic value and awesome, but i had one arrive with a screen glitch, which was replaced by motorola, but the new one just fried its own removable battery.
butter smooth touch with android lollipop 8.
performance is good camera dam good also the screen is awesome.
i got defective piece of moto the touch of the phone suddenly stops working at many times and the speakers of the phone are too bad not able to hear clear voice at full volume.
touch is also not very soft.
the clock screen will not appear.you can sometimes get in by double-tapping a ratification and bringing up an clock screen then.
screen is good.
were moto g me screen problem that.cab screen ho tax moto g ke screen left part me white color white color ka half cm line dish rah he.
ridges on clock screen front camera is good , very fast performance , but battery back is less.but.
the phone is fast trough apply has a really smooth big and bright screen with a 720p resolution the design is wao, does not feel cheap battery life between 1-10 (8).
sometime i dont see the icons of call message camera(initial screen then i will have to start the mobile.
am used a lot of mobile but this moto g performance is good good battery life its 1gb am but its support all james in perfect graphics have not seen this performance in mobile moto g is must great.
screen vice crisp and vivid but only 720p.
when during a call i need to switch on a feature like speaker or open the dealing pad the phone screen goes off as soon as i try to touch it and comes on again when i move my finger away which is very annoying.
also the screen resolution is not as good as the old moto g due to its larger screen size.
by moto guns screen developed a problem due to which it needed to be replaced.i once got my foka 520's screen changed over the counter they did not even ask me to come after some time.
high end and intensive games may be satisfied with screen size and performance but the phone would get heated soon.
its very handy and touch is very good.
not of witness can be found on screen when you keep it in pocket even with 15 minutes of calling.shone hanged at times closing all apes and returning to home screen.
screen goes blank every time.
good enough battery life and clear screen.
screen looks great has a warning issue with medium to heavy pressure on the bottom half in the middle no big deal just dont push too hard.
must a little bit disappointed because of the screen quality when compare to moto g(2013) and also the unknown heating issues when using the camera.
it hanged a lot and i was very unhappy with the touch sensitivity .
it low power the touch pad becomes difficult to operate.
i am very happy with the purchase sound battery and screen are good.
one of the things i dont like though is that even if you have called a number upon disconcerting from a long call the screen gets locked and i have to clock to make another call.
while watching videos the screen quality very poor.
the moto go is really good looking and handy,though the screen is of 5 inch.this takes an edge on other smart phone with 5 inch display.here are the observations.2)the screen resolution is very good with quality display.
screen is not great as in resolution if watched for long it strains your eyes.
the camera quality and the screen size is good on the other part.
it is good , a decent screen , a decent resolution , pretty slim , and also light for what a others give in the same prices.
nice product it is with gorilla glass so no need to screen protecter.but.
i love the pdf reader features(black on white to save battery and less impact on eye during night when all light switched off leading view option fits perfectly the text to screen but not figures manageable).
his mobile does not have note had and does not share the screen to tv, but those are very rarely used also.
him a normal phone user it screen is a about 1/3 inches longer than shone 5s.
suggestions for new users + those who receive their new moto g please remove the protective plastic cover from the screen.the cover is not good and will make your screen look bad and touch feel bad.
i hate this phone because of its battery back touch is not at all good.
bigger screen size compared to pre generation helps.
i find the back of the phone does not really touch the palm of my hand.intuition does not seem to have played a part in the design of the graphics user interface.why doesn a phone display the dial pad right away when you press the phone icon with maybe a contact button as well there plenty of room on the screen.
the screen is sharp and even though it seems huge its pretty compact for its size.
reaching the top of the screen is fairly easy thanks to the dimple on the back and the back cover material.
was fully satisfied with the product but after 3 days it started showing touch problems touch was not working properly.it was okay for 2 weeks and now the touch is completely not working.
the screen resolution needs to be improved under sun light as it is not up to the mark.
i have bought this mobile 15 days ago.primary & second camera proceedings looks are good.but i feel touch is not unto mark.at the time of tying of messages and email you will know the exact problem.overall it is okey.but in this pricking you never expect this kind of touch .
screen resolution too weak.
updated after 6 months the screen has cracked twice.i would not recommend this phone now because of the extremely thin glass used on the screen.
was working fine for a month but ever since then there has been battery problems touch problem.
the screen display is very good and perfect.
must turn the auto brightness and 5.graphics quality and gpu works very fine.deep the brightness to very low to save battery.but with this low brightness you can do everything superbly.
there are specific features that i do miss the gumma camera apply long battery life double tap screen to wake the phone but others that i thought i would miss and didn (cortana**).i tried turning off the iii when him not using it setting the gps in battery saving mode and setting the screen to turn off after a very short period.
but one thing i didn like particularly is once you double tap on the screen you would be formed in but you cannot room out through the finger style was taught by iphone).
in st day itself touch was not working and laws in between,don't forget moto is bought by novo so dont expect a good quality phone.second flipkart's service has been worst they committed to resolve issue before and october and later they didn communicated.
not even screen guard is provided with the products.
i m writing hear complaint kindly get in touch so that i can rectify my hands.
first look with my new moto g was awsome.i love its camera clarity,touch capacity.
the 2000 odd may battery seems small when compared to any other high end phone but the battery back for me with moderate to heavy usage is 5 hours of screen on time and full 24 hours of total auntie on a single charge.in heavy usage it reduces to about 18 hours total and 3.8-4 hours of screen on time.
black spot in the screen when i told flipcart regarding this i didn get any feedback regarding this erroneousness.
battery drains fast because of increased screen size but other features are cool and worth for money.
thought it fell down from bus when i travelling and the windows phone was awesome only the screen got cracked.but replacing the screen was costly so i purchased this mobile.screen size is big 2.display which should have been better its just lcd not ambled screen need to have more brightness sometimes its a average phone and its okay for the bucks spent.
am using moto go since one month,,,phone is really awesome,,it has good battery backup,,,good screen resolution,,,and even while playing asphlat 8 game it not getting heat.i really like this phone,,,thanks moto for such a good product.
screen touch are not so good.
screen is k but touch is not working.moto service centre guy said both touch and mother board damaged.
i got the moto g and genu phone on 10 october for my wife and barely 45 days of usage the touch screen of phone stopped working.
graphics quality of the phone is superb as i love to watch moves in hd's.
amazing touch .
touch is ok oka.
battery lasts just for 8 hours in full brightness with3g usage.
i bought this phone 15 days ago and till now performance is good prose looks are killer screen is crystal clear.
its fast the camera is great there loads of storage and the screen is good.
screen sensitivity is ok .
- screen 5 inch makes sense as it doesn have dedicated buttons and stock andros has the buttons on the screen using some space of its own.
i went to moto service center they said they would charge me 6000 for the replacement of screen which is half the price of the phone.
touch is good and good battery backup.
i had a very bad experiences seeing the mobile delivered had a screen defect with bright white spot in the screen which was disturbing and had to replace it immediately.
his is the only phone i have ever had with a broken screen.
i dropped my mobile 2-3 times but has not any effect on screen body or any hardware.screen is also very good.touch is very smooth and not get any scratch in general use.
screen protector is not must for that.the screen guard provided was not set good.games like ta vice city if 14, max payne shalt 8 etc but graphics can be set maximum to 60-65% range for lawless performance.but its not that much problem as unto 60-65% range the graphics quality is good enough.battery 5/10 for normal usage like a bit gazing some camera use calls sums some gas it will give 8-10 hours back up with auto brightness on while not using the phone i think.
its very good product in limited cost touch and camera quality is very good operating is very simple easily understand the option i refer to buy this product.
one fine day all of sudden it just gave motorola log screen only - there was no falling down or any other external factor i could attribute this to.
vice pictures big screen.
touch is really good.
moto g st gen there is a lot of problem such as charging is not particular,the screen quality is not that good that in moto g2,camera is better in moto g2,screen size is more in moto go than moto g.
also the screen resolution is excellent.
sound quality great speakers touch perfect gorilla glass is awesome camera is great in starting it will heat while charging but dont worry after few days of use it become normal head phone sound is not good battery life is ok ok.
screen : gorilla glass.i used almost 15 days without any screen-guard but still couldn find any scratch on the screen but it doesn mean moto g doesn need screen guards.
i am using this phone for a month now,found it a quite good one according to the price but the one thing i did not like is the battery life.the battery drains very fast and also sometimes when i clock the screen the touch does not works and then i have to lock the phone and then clock it again.so sometimes it feels annoying.coming to the performance the phone is the best even better than higher prices phone .
playing games with such a rioting graphics quality is a feature that can only be explained while experiencing.
of you are running on budget close your eyes and buy this phone and you will never be disappointed except for large screen.
last performance nice screen and good battery.
superb quality and rendering of graphics.
i will get in touch with customer care and will update my experience took.
actually the problems with one piece is it was having yellowish screen & this affecting overall quality of the screen.if we put both piece together it clearly shows the difference in quality of lcd.got replacement but unfortunately having same yellowish screen in replacement piece took.
touch not smooth.
cast screen facility is also there.screen time is 4 hrs.(good to show off liability is very smooth like cake walk up to now no laws or hangs etc the screen resolution is very good.i expected that the increase in screen size may pixelate the screen.
camera and screen clarity is good but i got a defeated piece where i didn .
good phone at this price range.nice screen very fast phone can run any game i was searching for a phone like this.very good price 5 star dont hesitate just buy.
touch is not working properly when phone kept on ground/table/desk/.touch not working properly for phone edges.
i started using it looked great crisp screen better than my note 2 gros last smooth dear display had touchrenn was not well celebrated it clucked away from where i clicked i could not type well i was not able to pull ratification drawer all this was giving me headache in 3 days its not expected to spend ask on a piece of june touchscreen i asked for a replacement flipkart kindly provided it.
pain problem battery,touch issue more no of times pp closing not responding due to touch and ache clear issue.
his phone is unbearable at this prices especially this big screen 5".i had heard from many funds that the price of the screen is much higher as compared to other companies.
which only offers a 480 x 800 resolution screen and you can get an idea of how much motorola is giving us here.
its camera quality is excellent(both rear and front smooth touch awesome display and resolution light weight.
touch screen is not working and the assistance given is no use.
it first i liked it clot it has huge screen and good features but after few days i started having network conductivity problem , microsd card not detected properly.
battery smooth screen pure 4.4.4.
st 3 months it is working very fast and very good , after 3 months i faced so many problems , touch is properly not working battery issue , suddenly my mobile was struck.
very nice handling the mobile compare wit other the camera quality is very good the speaker is very nice to hear a song like a external speaker touch is also nice lollipop version is good looking.
i purchased a moto g next gen from this site delivery is ok , but when the product moto g was started to use had problem with the screen clock so i complained for a repair or replacement of the product by calling the customer even.
the screen is great once you get used to it it is not too big nor too small.
i got a sealed moto go box but upon opening it i was bit shocked to see the plastic sheet of phone screen was bit like forged second hand set kind of work.
screen fantastic and great price for a good phone.
display : screen is amazing.brightness is not a matter of concern.performance : based on one day i would say much but the screen tongue and pp opening has been pretty smooth.touch is also smooth.screen is smooth.
his shone is really vice and the 5 inch screen is awesome not to big or to small.i tried a 6 inch screen from another manufacture and it was like talking on a tablet,,.
the motor 2 received is having display issue and half the screen goes pink all of a sudden.
the drawback are the glass for the screen is weak.
touch is very sensitive gorilla touch good battery backup,camera clarity is good and video clarity is good .
touch is fair fair because it sometimes does not respond when laid down on a flat surface.right be due to tempered glass screen guard i have installed.
sorry to edit this review as early there was an issue of the ram but now phone touch pad and screen stopped working so facing problem with the service center and leaving with no phone to use now a days also an availability of the spares is also a problems.
screen is broken after normal used to replacement given for screen.
good one worth buying feeling good to use it amazing clarity with the camera and the touch is good.
also the screen is massive bigger than the st men model.
one notable thing with the shorter is that its bit faster than the old one,and touch to snap is very handy.selfy.
motorola has surprised me with this smartphone because has a very nice he camera a 5 inches screen big enough and the interface is pretty fast for me.
by friend have asus men shone 5 and i compared all aspects and my reaction is just amazing because in many aspects it beat the us like in camera quality front specially its front camera is exceptional even my friends galaxy s canst beat it),build quality,look wise call quality ,gps, multitasking the display of the phone is far better than asks although both have 294 fixed but color contrast and brightness in my moto g is far better the also amazed when we test it).
screen resolution good.screen size is enough & touch reliable.
only thing i can say for this mobile is good but screen is costly.
i love my phone.but a bit disappointed because sometimes my phone shows a black screen that grows a bit and i have to start it to get it to work properly again.
good screen resolution,,,better performer than expected some ve are 1.
i can get tired rolling my finger over the screen.
i ordered this phone for my wife her first buy on flipkart) and it does not accept touch input - the just lost her trust on ordering electronics online thanks to you i hope flipkart delivers a working piece for replacement.
screen rotation is not working most of times.
i especially like the screen and screen size at 5".
display screen is sharp but in sunlight it is not very bright.that maybe because i use auto brightness.
should be fixed soon though.the screen is still crisp but its ips display does not perform as well in bright outdoor light.
however the screen resolution at 720p looks pretty dull when i set the brightness to auto mode.i have also applied a matt finish screen guard which changed to looks of the phone.
doesnt respond to touch of fingers almost every time but responds to touch of thumb.compared to this samsung touch is butter smooth & without any hiccup.i have tried possibly everything to shut off touch pad noisedisabling it from sound settings dating phone.application permission but nothing at all has workedseems like a fault in my piece & hence i am planning to return this phone.
but to my surprised nothing appeared on screen instead there was burning secession on my fingers.
screen vice crisp and vivid but only 720p.
the screen is nice and crisp.
the screen resolution gives a feel of a premium phone.
the screen is really high quality and has excellent colors viewing angles and brightness.
even the screen is amazing for a 720p screen you canst tell the difference and you know what the breaking battery life is great on this phone i give it a 9.5/10 and only because its not lte but its still hspa+ which is almost as fast as lte in my area i get anywhere from lips - 22mpsif your looking for a great smart phone and dont want to spend over $200 get this phone.
lowered by 1.2ghz quand core 1gb ram which is more than sufficient for most applications and decent graphics its no slough.there was a time when apple sold 540p screen and advertised it as retina display and everybody went gage.
this is an awesome phone with good battery backup, great camera quality and good screen resolution.
screen is excellent.
brilliant build sleek design lovely screen in love with it in a day.
all the features are best and the screen resolution is also perfect.
after a week usage found that average screen time phone usage time is 5 hours and 30 minutes only which is really terrible.to not buy cheap tempered glass because it will affect touch sensitivity.
the overall performance is smooth touch is awesome and so as the looks.
splash resistant screen 5.
the moto g has been a very friendly and most useful phone for me the king of budget smartphones returns with a larger screen and a new and improved camera it is very good.
probably the best deal for the price - 5 inch screen with nice resolution and 8mp camera.
fig screen size good battery backup, amazing camera & display.
screen looks gorgeous.
the touch doesn responds .
the stripes at the top and bottom are just poor in quality , looks like plastic not even close to the quality of moto e what more in less than a week its touch response is gone and i got replaced by a new one!!.
touch sensitivity is bad and some time it will not work need to report it again.
west part of this phone is powerful performance and large screen.
good screen head set is not that much good.
service of flipkart is as always without fast delivery got on and day screen quality is awesome no laziness camera take good shot overall value for money.
battery moto g must genu has enough battery capacity according to its screen size but second generation is not unto mark @2070mah.touch and gen has smooth touch experience as compared to st genu.overall both are good at their price point and its unto u that you want to use a 4.5 inch screen or 5 inch.
sometimes i am unable to make a call as the screen just hangs up and then i have to switch off and on to get it working.the screen also heat up quickly while playing normal games on the phone.
added to that it has a wonderful touch response.
great screen and so easy to use.
its a good phone with bigger screen in this range.
north buying it.nice camera with good screen size.the battery stand by time is also good.m loving it all suggest every to buy this with no worry.
but disappointed with its poor media volume output.touch screen hung sometimes.have to rest by pressing power button.
screen even if not 1080p shows great colors.for.
things i would change or like to see improved would be screen brightness a bump in base storage and a slightly higher capacity battery.
it has a good battery even though its big screen.
i love the phone but wanted a slightly bigger screen.regardless i am very very impressed with the hands - the screen is excellent particularly for the prices.
touch is sexy!!!!.
other thinks as screen and body are good.
the phone having this issue only which has blue tint screen " red tint screen having no issue.
screen nice,fast, crisp and vivid but only 720p.
thought all speck are good enough on the paper the screen is too dull it dont give out colors well and it takes a long time for charging.
small screen and see in the and generation phone these two drawback have been totally eradicated.
gros moto g2.the comeback product for motorola.one of their best creations.awesome features decent looks awesome touch sensitivity.i really liked the phone.
to contract not used fresh battery cellar battery use good size screen up to date andros and more.less that 200 bucks.
a it gets pretty warm near the camera while playing demanding games.even the screen gets hot while playing fruit ninja.something that also used to occur on my lucia 720.
to my surprise the screen of the phone does not respond to any kind of touch.
fig screen.
good price and big screen.
butter smooth touch screen,(use screen guardian way we will use it.
you have to rely on touch screen only as there not a single physical button except volume up down & lock-power on/off which is not able to wake your screen up incise the phone is hanged.not much customization as samson phones.poor screen brightness.the good thing is you can clean the screen & body easily.
i got moto g 2 nd men on rep 8 th.after using the phone for 4 weeks touch was completely not working.even after hard rest the touch sensitive is not working already raised a replacement request to flipkart n waiting for their replacement approval.
his is a good phone with great build quality excellent screen color accurate and silk smooth to touch nice camera under good lighting.but the problem is that none of these option are shown on the screen at first.
good camera touch also very good battery back for normal user charge 1 time in a day for heavy user charge 2 times.overall.
to need to use screen guards.
also the camera quality touch is not that great.
great and big screen and good pictures.
all of my friends who own an shone have at one point dropped it and broken the screen.i have personally dropped this phone dozens of times and have never had as much as a scratch on the screen.some kings in the shell and lips in the case but the screen and phone do appear to be indestructible.everything else is just a bonus.through motorola you can also get a fancy cover that folds over the screen and opens and closes like a book.does a great job of protecting the screen and preventing unwanted button presses while in your pocket.
was initially unhappy about the changes to the moto g with the bigger screen and no increase in battery and i would have bought the old one if it was still in stock.the 5 inch screen increases the illusion of a premium phone and the battery suits my personal needs which can be moderate to heavy ( i do not play game on my phone.stock andros looks gorgeous on this screen and with guaranteed prompt updated i really canst see the need to upgrade my phone for a good couple of years.
worst charging even not reliable and touch issue.
the screen is nice and is truly one water resistant one.
good its moto awesome screen quality stock andros experience camera in daylight vice grip and easy to hold improved speakers had battery back is not that good as compared to moto g st gen camera in lowliest conditions speakers give cracking noise at maximum volume of you are thinking to buy this mid-range smartphone with ask it would be a great deal according to me dont matter which phone you used before or this is first smartphone.
must the battery life is average and button on the screen not look so good while operating.
placed replacement order because of battery issue and screen issue.cons: screen issue it shows vertical dotted lines when opening phone in sunlight which i does not see in friends moto go phone .battery life is poor rest all all features r good screen is very huge rest all is superb.ram is ok-ok.
it is a wonderful phone the screen size is very comfortable.
the moto g and gen works smooth without any laws as much of my notice and most of the games work that too on highest graphics configuration.
super clear screen and easy to use.
when i saw it carefully i noticed there is a gap between screen and the body on the left side.touch is also lagging a bit.
good quality patte screen protector.
recent hardware vice screen.
automatic brightness adjustment indoor and outdoor.
front screen have dynamic look with great sound effect.touch is also good.
no lagging and very smooth touch.
using this product since with for ---it is taking touch of time to charge and not even giving stand more than 10hr with g support.
the phone have all the features and no lagging in touch as well as to navigable between apps.
touch is very fast than other mobile phones.rest the phone is user friendly.other than this service center is gives very poor service.
opium screen size.
though the phone claims to have gorilla glass 3 , my moto g screen is broken after 6 months.of you want to replace screen you need to pay 7k, may be moto is selling substandard quality phone to indian customers.
rose >screen- its too good.the quality fixed density camera easy to captured only touching on screen(good for selfie), easy to access picture gallery.
great screen.
everything seems to be best for the money you paid but touch screen has some issue and i have given for repair after four months of purchase .you will find many reference for touch issue if you search in google.
auto rotate screen not working at all on my moto g2.
product is good,excellent display,touch,colors,upgraded to lollypop.
to issue in battery screen resolution hanging while playing games to for it without any issue.
when i opened the pack the box contained only a replaceable screen guard with the tying other than that there was no screen guard his was not expected.camera is exceptional the contrast and brightness is adjustable so not bad at all.
i just broke my screen with a minor fall service centre demanding 7200/- for the screen.by samsung note 3 have fallen many time but no damage to the screen and if so it will cost under 10k.
also the view is not very clear in daylight even if you increase the brightness.its power switch stopped working it was awkward i was not able to switch the screen off or to take calls.
bigger screen 3.
screen was an upgrade and looked great despite all the negative reviews the lowest setting is dark but with it up a little there are no issues with clarity its a really good picture.while it was dark in the living room i noticed that the screen was backlit while charging which i thought was odd.it slipped through the load screens and then when back to the black backlit screen.i tried volume up power and got to a factory rest screen and tried that no luck same result.
the screen is not the biggest but it is a decent size.
when i received the phone it had numerous scratches on the screen guard it seems as if the phone was a used one.
pros:- good screen size,quality(hd) good looking phone.
screen - slide to left & you have all the into of current location climate nearest restaurant etc 9.
device goes above 45 degree celsus then upper part of screen stop working.
moto g and generation is much better than us zenfone 5 in brightness sterno round android mitka and matter back-up.
pp works fast and touch is very good.
superb touch sensory and an awesome experience in all.i recommend to buy this one for all!!!.
touch response in the scale of 5.
i originally bought the moto g 4.5" 2013 and love it but the screen was just not big enough for me so i got this one.the screen is very crisp and vibrant, which pleasantly surprised me for a 720p screen that was stretch from the 4.5" model.
i get around 5 hours of screen on time on go which is decent i guess nothing spectacular.of your buying this phone dont bother getting a screen guards been using it without one for 3 months and not a single scratch.survived more than a couple of drops but i doubt if the screen will hold up if i drop it face down like any other phone it will probably shatter.the screen is sharp alright in bright light but viewing angles are pretty poor although its an ips lcd.his is one of the few phone were i noticed the auto brightness works perfectly.
graphics are pathetic for high end games 3.
the touch is brilliant and the motion sensory are awesome.* screen size is 5 inches so you enjoy video and games quite comfortably.
after 1 month and 6 days of receipt its screen started going off automatically.i gave it to the service centre at varanasi and he informed that its screen was malfunctioning.it has new issues now its speaker is not working properly voice call quality to other phone very bad and even the middle of the screen shows light blue when screen is on.
vice screen bright and overall a good phone when it works.
the touch experience is also reduced.
after andros l upgrade some features like ratification of whatsup or email ratification pour are not displaying on locked screen.i have verified all setting and enabled show pour always in setting of pp but still after certain time of locked screen the pour stopped displaying.have to open pp for check notification.
3)the rd point that i noticed on the new moto g2(2nd genu was when i put both the phone both moto g & go on auto brightness mode the new phone screen looked very dull in comparison with the moto go.
i purchased a semi note and moto g and men almost the same time period any day moto g is better semi is having so many complaints special with the screen.i have a yellow tint on the screen of my readmit.
to avoid having this sound too much like a sales pitch him just going to say what comes to mind in whatever order it comes to mind.the screen is a good size and is very easy to ready.there is a lot of detail for such a small screen and i was very happy with how it all looked.the phone feels solid in your hand without feeling too bulky.
same with android 5 installed.very nice screen and the camera is more than adequate.
> screen : very good screen resolution it is 5 inches in size > round the front dual speakers are awesome.
very good phone like its performance delivery was also quick by flipkart, sound and touch is amazing.
the build quality is great and the screen is gorgeous.
to crack on screen or anything.the screen of moto go is bigger than its previous version hence battery is consumed more.
its very nice in looks but i am facing lot of problem related to touch screen in top of it pathetic service from flipkart regarding returning and refunding.
in the must day from date of receipt my cell was facing touch screen issues.the touch screen started getting hanged automatically and i had to wait for around 10 odd minutes for it to work in the normal condition.i gave my phone to the counter and they said that " the touch screen and display will be changed and it will take 10 days.
though i dropped it once on a bus i scared to pick it up as i was expecting a broken screen but there was something for its protection yes it was the moto lip cover.
very large screen 5'' inch 2.
the animation / graphics isn smooth as it generally when you get back to the home screen.
fast response to touch.
whenever i keep my go in my pocket nd if there a call coming then i have to first off nd on the screen phone nd sometimes the voice of receiver is not audible.
display good sound quality good touch excellent.
about the hardware the display screen is best used inside out in sun its tough to read or to use it conveniently gumma phone scores in that big time.
i got this shone on an and on the same of delivery i faced some touch not performing properly.but i just waited for few days to do double check.now its one week still the phone touch function not working properly and also it getting hanged sometimes.i made a request for return.am very much unsatisfied in this purchase.to note i got this phone on exchange offer for 11k, i doubt whether i got some defective item since i got for less price not sure.
great screen quality for the price better than anything in its price range you get good sound out or the front facing dual speakers.
(very less occurrence ) touch is good as it used to be.better check for battery power bank before getting it.
the size of the screen is not actually 5 inch.the screen is not automatically rotating many times need to shake 5.
bones buttons and touch is not as good as it was previously.
i like its vividness seriously my in didn had that colour punchiness that this moto g have.also the us zenfone screen is comparatively less vivid.my friend own it.to problems with the screen performance:- camera:- never expected that quality from a ask phone my canvas 2 colors imp camera was a lot better than this at 8k.i like its vividness seriously my in didn had that colour punchiness that this moto g have.also the us zenfone screen is comparatively less vivid.my friend own it.to problems with the screen performance:- camera:- never expected that quality from a ask phone my canvas 2 colors imp camera was a lot better than this at 8k.
when i opened the box at the time only there is some finger prints and dust on the screen.
shone though feels premium is a little too big because its 5 inches screen.
the display is good and touch is amazing.
touch is not sensitive.
// touch is also very good but not like galaxy s 13000/- and 33000/- difference had na bahoot.but touch me ulna zyada nasi hair mast touch sensibility.
shone is light and screen appropriate to the use.
its not as fast as my nexus 5 or has the high definition screen.
little bit of touch problem and sometimes phone not working properly.
the screen is also good and can text using single hand.
looking great and touch is very sensitive.
the touch feel and performance of the product is really good and bet a value for many.pain problems i face are issues with touch and pathetic battery life.touch wont respond to the modifications we receive while using a mobile i had to lock and clock the phone to open the notifications.some times the touch wouldn respond for the calls to received.he have an option in youtube to caste your screen with your youtube enabled smart tv.very time i cast my screen with my tv, video playback doesn simply work and it shows the static picture on screen instead of video.
12) touch is very smooth.
it has all smart phone quality and big screen good touch and camera quality is really good .
camera quality is good.good touch screen and overall its a value for money.
by screen didn work properly so contracted flipkart and they replaced my phone easily.
average touch battery back not good both him not working in g mode.
round probe network issue touch not responding and battery pathetic from starting.
the inch screen is also really great.
so it gives superb result in graphics or in processing.
i own a moto g first gen 16gb and i bought this for my dad and he loves the bigger screen size.the camera is a huge improvement over the original moto g and the front facing speakers are also a really nice touch.
mobile rose good screen while using in sun like.
they've replaced it but given me used product which was in extremely bad condition there were so many scratches on the screen screen guards , phone looks so old and the back side was smelling like something burn inside may be chips due to heating issue.
i like the size of the screen and the overall size of the phone.
touch is not as smooth as expected.
pro good camera quality processing is fast worth for money sons some times it get hanged need to switch off and on continuous use of wife drains the battery soon touch response is not as good as st gen looks bulk in hand.
by mobile having touch problem while dealing the call and there was an issue with some application highly disappointed with the way flipkart.com.
the touch is good.but the touch screen failed to work after 3 days.
after half a day of using the phone i started having problem with the touch.
the product is awesome the price is also good the touch is great and the camera is ok what it needs is more ram if it is 2 go ram and more then it would have been a superb in its category thanks moto g for the product and flipkart for delivering it 4 days before the delivery date thanks a lot.
touch response and performance is also good.
first i would rate the hardware as 4 since this is the best phone for 179 $ you can get as of right now this phone has a beautiful design and with its 5 inch 720p screen you can go wrong.
omg fabulous touch feels like iphone!!.
graphics are really good aren 305, 450mhz single core 9.it should have more battery it is 15% less than the first gen moto g because of 5 inch screen 3.
very once in a while the touch screen is glitchy, but more an annoyance than anything serious.
fig screen , good performance and built in stereo.
i would have given a 4 if not for these issues:issue with the screen clock if i tried to clock after 10 - 15 mind.i was impressed with the features and it definitely comes at a very decent rate :-)thanks to the customer representative who helped me fix the screen clock issue by providing step by step instructions to debut and hard rest it using the andros command prompt.
the screen is perfect the dual front firing speakers are awesome, the matter back finish feels good in hand and overall the general android experience is pretty solid.by only grip is the home screen tends to re-draw itself a lot after leaving an pp.
it looks awesome, very fast access & good screen resolution.
excellent smartphone, big screen great camera highly recommended.
:-) :-) smooth screen touch user friendly and good configuration as well!!!.(however, the product which was delivered i had to ask for replacement as the screen was not responding.
there were scratches on the screen.
the phone hangs does not work properly it case with scratch screen guards looked used it seems like a duplicate item which has been delivered.
battery was so worse that if u will not do anything with screen off it consumed 8-10%.
the screen is large and bright and the buttons are easy to use.
positive - almost everything great touch good camera good performance.
screen is good with picture quality and video quality.
do not buy this phone when i got my phone it has a blue spot then after 5 days i replaced my phone and got a new moto go the after few days again it has yellow line in middle of screen.
superb touch experience 3.
screen brightness under the sun is less could have been a bit more bright.
i dropped it and the screen did not crack.but its lost all sense of touch and had white lines pixelated lines running across the screen.
but as soon as i switched it on and tried to connect my home wife , nothing was happening on the screen.
touch is good.the screen size is a good advancement over the previous iteration.
beautiful screen.
want keep customized wallpaper for lock screen and home screen have to use a common one for both lock and home screen.
it was just white screen.
user interface graphics camera screen resolution & look and feel is so good.
my own mobile replace due to some error of its screen.other thing i feel that in my own phone a white or black spot too small spot when u see it very closely armies in the screen.
doesn't really require a screen guard but i would recommend you to use one.
good battery life beautiful screen and perfect size/proportion although as reviews have noted.it really should be 1080p.it's a little soft if looking at it critically), nice camera speedy overall quality wife chip although no g support slim and handsome very nice feeling matt touch back cover.
good afternoon the team arrived apparently all right but i just 1 month in and went out and simply not turn this off the screen is black and does nothing .
enhanced screen new google now launched and camera improvement makes this phone stands best in its class.
the touch pad of the phone i received through flipkart is not working properly.
by phone is getting reported at the boot screen itself it would vibrated and then start after only a few seconds only to repeat the process continually.
cost phone laws a lot in simple issues like showing contact list,the time between dial button and screen to appear is sometimes more than 5 seconds.
moto g 2 mobile phone screen display is not working(only black screen and have battery issue(daily 2 times we need to charge it for less usage.also they are saying any reason for mobile screen display failure please advice.
he is able to run the latest version of andros 5.0.21 thing to note is that the screen resolution is lower than moto g st genu.the screen resolution is not bad dont hesitate to buy it you wont regret it.
the screen cover was took slightly open in a edges.
the touch panel is broken i hate with the cellphone.
i prefer the black one.coz it looks fabulous with such a big screen.i found it so easy because you can simply click on anywhere on the screen to capture photo.
decent performance speakers are excellent,very user friendly customisable , well built with a good screen .
the screen could have been better otherwise all good.
its good for someone wanted to experience lolipop and a big screen phone.the screen clarity is great the response to input superb.
gros : great battery any pp runs on the phone without hanging , screen resolution build of the phone and looks.
i picked it up and was shocked to see the broken screen.policy is not the same for indian customers outside india they are aware of this issue and are replacing the screen for free but here they are charging over sky.
i was literally sitting on my ratio and the phone fell out my pocket 1 foot and the screen shattered.
everytime you start the phone all the pp icons on the phone screen which is installed from the sd card will not show up .
first time i got this product there were issues of heating and no auto rotation of screen.again in replaced phone i am facing issues of touch not responding and no auto rotation.
i was a little skeptically about the size of the bony and huawei as they were listed at 6.0 and 6.1 inches for screen size.
touch screen feature is not stable.
please get me a replacement and the phone was in such a bad condition there are scratch marks oh the screen i need a replacement adapt.
the pick are of great quality the design of the phone is stylish and economic , its easy to use one handed despite large 5 inch screen.gorilla glass 3 is not un readable , my screen broke after falling from my hands so use or phone carefully.
rose stylish phone with matter back cover gives firm grip and makes it easy to hold 5 inch wide screen good performance good camera in call speech is quite clear while using headphones.
advantages - superb camera result both front and rear - smooth performance in all condition good graphics sound results.
good battery good touch vice sons i brought one week back.it is same according to the review.
they say it is gorilla glass but phone screen gets scratches even when phone and war keys are kept in your jeans.
to doubt about screen.
and buttering touch with corning gorilla glass 3.
i loooooveeeeeee my phone its amazing the only thing that the screen it a lit frail so you may be carefully but overall its amazing!!!.
screen quality is outstanding.touch response is very good.
definitely you wont get a better phone at this price range.could have given it 5 starts if plastic feel / look was not there and screen brightness could have been better with a higher battery capacity.
smooth sappy performance combined with a nice 720p screen make this phone a winner at less than $200.
the display registers stroll gesture as touch which is very annoying while browsing web.another interesting point is that the default plastic sheet on the screen had no logs on my set while it had some motorola inscription on the one my friend received.
battery life purely depends on your usage its big screen causes a large drain on the battery so if you are into playing high end games you might have to keep this plugged in very often.buy it for brilliant screen and pure andros experience.
screen size is 4.7 as navigation option doesn goes off when u open any application.
touch is very good.
touch is excellent the best thing is display its display is very bright,sharp and clear.
the only area i found disappointing was the brightness area.
i would have given 5 rating if flipkart had delivered the product in good condition at first time however when i received it for the first time it had a dark blue spot on top left corner of the screen which can easily be visible in the light color background.
good performance good battery lockup , smooth touch .
the size is a funny thing - if you use it as navy system in the car or for picture viewing you want a big screen - if for phone usage or to put it in the pocket it should be smaller.
it doesn cry for a cover or screen protector but you may buy one if you like them.camera is great in good light conditions and the flash is really good for night shots no red eyes.i charge it through the night and when i get home after commuted work and grm i still got some juice left.i'm not into heavy graphics games but i tested some and after some loading they run pretty smooth.
color contrast and brightness in my moto g is far better.and.
but after the fall my phone left side touch started to work itchy and i have a very small lcd crack on my lower left screen which begins to lengthen using day to day.and for a new screen they are charging pretty much the cost of the phone.
the screen is vagrant and the speakers are loud which surprised me.
and is not reloaded with any extra june apes from carriers.all of the goose apes work just fine it is faster than my old phone an older samsung), and it has a inch screen which is quite room.
why co in sure the glass will break the next time the phone drops and i can afford to be shelling out k every other month the kicked is that motorola offers a free one-time screen replacement for all phone ordered directly from its webster.in indian the phone is sold exclusively through flipkart which effectively rules out the screen replacement offer.
but only problem is.sometimes when i click a photo and slide back to see the pick some flash comes on my screen and den d picture is displayed.
in the second drop from a very minimal height my screen got cracked and touch is not working.of u try to bend very little you can see touch points on screen even if you didn do that.thousands of moto series has gone for screen changes.
good shone with this range of price but touch screen is not comparable with samsung, bony or iphone.
touch is too smooth.
west the shone , in this price range i am highly satisfied looks , battery back , touch round quality all inclusive !.
screen quality-its a 5 inch 720 ips lcd screen and as usual the quality of the display panel is very good,viewing angles are good too.color.
the phone never seems to struggle even when playing graphics intensive games.- the moto g and men supports the ask google" hot-word from any screen.
its great but him tired of the 5.7" big screen.
the screen in off button has gone stiff and is not working with 1 month of purchase.
screen is real with a scratch resistant lcd glass.
after two months the phone cannot recognize microsd, brightness adjustment fail so the screen is dark most of time.
18/9/14 touch touchscreen is not working properly.by piece has a bad touch response.
i initially put a pin to lock my phone but every time i entered the pin to unlocked the screen would blink for a second and return to being locked.i decided to remove the pin and leave a wipe to clock screen.
playing good games on it but on heavy graphics it is hanging.
recently i have reported a problem that sometime when a call is coming i can pick it up as the touch to receive a call is not working .
mobile stuck on calling screen and report after some time.
i also tried to get in touch with the com repaid guns but no one answers the damn phone.
touch was not that much smooth.
rose fig display good round excellent screen resolution sons battery will drain out in 6 hours if used with wife.
i have seen that the screen gets heated if i play games and battery doesn get charged most of the time i plug the charge.
despite not able to see display i can receive calls & talk when i touch on the location where the answer slide used to be.but the screen was always blank.may be a power circuit to the screen issue.he has asked to me go through the trouble shooting & it couldn be done as the screen was blank.
one of the best phone in this price range and awesome graphics support being supported on the phone.
touch is excellent.
its faaaast, long battery life which last one full day even with extensive use of the screen its performing much much letter than my prior phone samsung s3.brightness is too low in auto mode need to keep the brightness in manual mode always.
some random things opened on their own on the screen the flash turned on and the touchscreen stopped taking any input from me.even the power off button needs an input from the touch screen and the battery is not detachable so i could not just remove it and shut the thing down.
- the last screen feature also available explicitly in the pull down drawer doesn work with miracast or smart tv.- the declared gorilla glass is not of great quality and i have got few scratches on the screen.i recommend taking good care of the screen.of you could not handle screen carefully then buy a good lip over.
th act | during a weeks usage of this phone i could sense that the screen has yellow tint on the screen.in fact it was clearly evident when the brightness was set as low.the screen display quality was really disturbing specially because the phone is known for its display.when i got it i noticed the similar issue on the screen of this device as well.only difference being that on the previous phone the entire screen was yellow and in the and replacement phone the bottom half of the screen was yellow.
the screen cover broke rather easily.the lcd screen is intact but the glass on top of it broke quite easily and the repair costs about sky.and suggest buyers opt in for a screen guard and a good causing to protect the phone from these kind of unexpected disasters.hardly any noticeable bursa and the touch is very smooth.
didn put screen guard as it is having gorilla glass.battery is perfect for a smart phone.camera quality is very good.
the moto tends to last me about 14 hours per charge with about 5 hours of on-screen time which is wonderful.display- ignoring screen size as some people prefer smaller screens whereas other people prefer larger screens the display on the moto is better.
not the replacement as usual with in 2 days,but this time i figured that the colour brightness was not up to the expected i can feel the difference in color since the mobile i used first time is crystal clear in terms of color,but the replaced one is worst immediately after the product got delivered with in 30 minutes i went for another replacement.i checked with my colleague mobile of same model i can see my mobile color brightness is dull.it is like same as and piece .
good screen better display.
some reflected lines you can clearly see in the screen on sunlight.his feel uncomfortable to see anything in devices screen on sunlight.
in this price group , its good choice who want to big and better screen , and both camera is great in outdoor snapping.and the best quality sound , its amazing to listen may and viewing video on the screen.at last main thing to know that its battery back is not bad .
touch super smooth.if the battery may increased another 500-1000mah it will be best.
touch screen is smooth otherwise all features are good as expected.
its very good mobile its touch & camera quality is very good.
external features such as the screen the overall built speakers .
touch sensitivity is not great.
though it has a gorilla glass 3 i have noticed some scratches on the screen so please ensure that you put on a screen guard as early as possible.
still i use a patte finish screen guard just for the looks it provided.
screen is very good.
the screen looks great and i like the size of the phone as far as holding it.
one more issue is screen feel hot when you make call and touch phone to your ears.
5)performance wise no issue i had few graphics based games installed and tried to play simultaneously i didn find any laws & hangs.itself(find difference in setting wallpaper by on screen and widest are entirely separated from apes inside menu etc.) and all these enhanced features are taken from android-l for impatience users.
touch very good sound-amazing display-very good connectivity-very good and lollipop made extraordinary this phone very good phone.thanks moto.
the crispiness of the screen is breathtaking 3.
only the screen guard which came with it was not good and i replaced it.but make no mistaken hour of calls,20-30 pictures 1-2 hours of net usage(2g), and another 1 hour of screen usage will sail you through the day with 30% of charge still left when you go to bed 5.
a few key problems that i have been facing are - dual him issue wherein the second him doesn get detected so many times - phone hangs especially a call ends - touch screen issue by recommendation - dont buy at all especially if you are thinking on dual him lines.
touch is superb.descent screen size.
touch also good.
screen size is good and you can use multiple apes at the same time without making the phone go sluggish.
although the phone is good,the screen is too fragile,it broke completely after i dropped it from a pocket height and moreover motorola is reluctant to replace it in warranty.unsatisfied with the services and build quality.
very nice features phone in this budget like screen clarity,photo quality from phone and its super fast phone.
awesome experience touch is also awosome.
genu buttons are on screen so you will effectively get 4.7 to 4.8 inches of unable screen space unless the application goes fullscreen egg.
the screen brightness was mentally set between around 20-40% the entire day.when i plugged in the phone when going to bed i had oh and 45 min of battery time and 5 hours of screen on time.however the big beautiful screen makes up for it.while i no longer own the first gen for side to side comparison the screen feels like its brighter and more color accurate.
his has an expandable storage plus a bigger screen plus a better camera.
of you want a good cell with excellent screen and powerful but clean sound you need this.
supports heavy games average camera clarity nice interface smooth touch lots n lots.
even on a very low brightness it looks awesome.battery life is leaps and bounds better than the nexus 4.
after 1 and a half month screen of my moto g and gen is flickering and when i went to service center they r saying it will take 15 days to solve the problem.
the constant main screen re-draws, only running 1 pp at a time without reporting every other one and slow everything were bad enough.now if i do anything at all it locks up and needs to be rebooted.
it would be better if provided with a screen guard which is only for 99 inr.
amazing build quality looks good battery lasts decently longer than the other did devices touch sensitivity is good and you get andros updated faster than any one else.
shone was working properly except for touch issues at times.
awesome products the touch sensitivity is just superb.
the bigger screen makes me want to do more then just watch moves load demanding apes work well but not great.
the touch sensitivity is very poor and many a times stops working completely and you have to report the phone to get back to normal 2.the dual speakers heat up a lot and you canst touch the earpiece(one of the speakers after playing music out loud for more than 15-20 minutes 4.
i feel the screen and camera are the best part in this phone gorilla glass is handling the minor scratches well.no visible scratches so far on the screen descent speakers .
exactly after one month phone is not working nothing appears on screen.
2070mah battery is not enough for at 5 inch screen.
the screen is beautiful and while the size took some getting used to coming from a smaller phone it was a much better option than the other big devices that are taking over now.and whatever i do want is available in the lay store.this phone is cheap enough that if i drop it or damage it somehow i wont cry when it comes time to replace it him not even rocking a cases screen protector on this baby but it feels and responds like a device that costs much more.
key i have used this phone its amazing screen is superb all quality is good sterno speakers best only con battery - average maybe due to lollipop search for lollipop battery drain problems.
and the battery life is also not that good with a screen time of about 5 to 6 hours which is pretty enough for a whole day .
played high graphics games with no last.
the screen response and viewing angles are awesome 3.
screen display and camera qualities are good.
cool matter finish screen guard came free sons 1.
4 sometimes the touch act differently but it happens very rear.
mobile looks cool with 5 inch screen.
phone start giving issues in 6 months screen got a dot(where it didn work battery issue and screen not responding properly.but no screen available in service center to replace it.
fixed density of the screen is low noticeable if your nose is six inches from the screen and staring hard.
his telephone gave troubles the screen went to black and do nothing i will have to go back to my previous cellphone.
it has a very soft and delicate touch.
especially the display and touch feel are superb makes it stand out from other phone within this price range.
**screen is bright and vivid.
i ordered it on st jan and received on th jan but it was a faulty piece had some lines on display so i had to replace it and filpkart did replaced it on with jane it seemed a good phone then but after a few days its display again started to have problems at times screen would go blank as if the phone was switched off but the rest was working i tried calling my phone by my friends phone and it rang but nothing on display i tried starting it but again nothing on display after sometime it started sanctioning normally but last night i again faced the same problems.
the phone needs no introduction but its a upgrade version with bigger screen and sd card sloth.
very thing is same as moto g st generation except for the screen size and camera resolution only drawback observed on my mobile is touch sensitivity is little jerky at some times.
and one more thing,the mobile comes in different variant some have a good screening some the screen is worst,with pink or reddish tint all over it have unloaded the images regarding display quality in moto go forum,you can check it.
screen resolution is good.touch is very smooth and sexy.we.can play games with out suck in middle level graphics settings.mobile.5/5 the display screen good 4/5 sons the plastic feels very very cheap.
equipped it with lip cover screen guards.
tremendous display terrific sound quality overwhelming response of the touch caliberation, splendid camera quality and resolution superb front camera.
touch is wonderful north in prices battery performance seems good as at least as of now in full 3g/h+ it is giving battery back more than 12 hours and in wi-fi it is even more.
its seems that the screen is using all the power because the battery manager always shows the display to be using 48% or 50% even 73% of the charge.
you get everything in this phone what a true android can offer talking about product specification camera which is better than bony but one point less than apple good video recording similar to bony best smartphone, better screen resolution relative to any other smartphone except phone.
there speakers have problems the touch doesn work properly battery gets discharged quickly.
this one i gift to my father.he liked it very much.big screen best mobile.
awesoem phone,no lags.good performance.amazing touch and also display.the camera is superb good click outside.there are no heating issues with the phone which i am happy about.no laws on camera.overall awesome phone.
the 5'' display and touch performance are really good.
the phone supports all the heavy games asphalt, mortal combat in more then average graphics.
black screen after after months.i even set my screen brightness to about 50% to help conserve charge.
first problem is touch is not working properly battery problems speaker cranks so please dont buy this phone.
from the day mobile was delivered to me till today i am facing tough phase as everyday i face some new issue idea speakers issue screen gets blackout, it hangs too much while operating and many other issues.
anywhere touch camera 3.
it is big due to a lot of been around the screen.a 4.5" screen size with higher ppi or amoled screen which further reduces battery consumption which is what i would recommends.
to add deserts , flipkart guaranteed delivery and screen guard would make you make feel sweet .
the one i bought was damaged had to return it but phisicly it looks sleek light weight and very wide screen.
screen is very nice.i did not put any screen guards still no clashes after all that gorilla glass.
how to install the smart check pp while my cell is not working properly its stuck on white screen.
though it has some improvements in hardware speck and yes bigger screen feels better the phone has some bags since i have opened the package.
good battery life , get screen display never hangs up sound and signal quality is superb , camera is good in both indoor and outdoor.
well moto g 1 is way better than this phone least in terms of screen resolution and touch sensory.
battery drains fast it will not be least a day full charged night 12 used a hour n kept in morning switched off keys felt from my hand when i bent to take my phone dropped down due to weight n screen cracked service center display change cost is 6500, novo a6000 price is 7000 so i decided not spend money on my moto go because of poor battery back up so i changed display in market for 2200 only for my kiss can play games.
excellent features value for money , excellent touch , music and battery back up i liked the sound quality of the phone , look is also elegant.
satisfied with the screen and touch quality voice quality and design of the hands which is awesome.
rose touch is very smooth.
touch sensitivity is bad and some time it will not work.
part from the amazing screen everything else is not up-to-standard.
to my surprise the much publicized morning gorilla glass screen broke into pieces.motorola shall advise customers on fragile nature of screen & heavy replacement cost.special protection screen can also be recommended so that the customers do not blame motorola at later stage for keeping them in dark.i will request customers to make informed choice no doubt this is an excellent phone deserve 5 stars but if you ever drop this for any other phone with glass screen be ready for spending a large sum.
heap fast decent battery life and great 5 inch screen.
touch screen is not working.
screen good touch sensor,good voice quality sometimes touch was not effective and had to press it 3-4 times camera is oka.
the phone is sleek good camera there is a little bit of problem while rotation of screen the screen doesn rotate quickly.
5 inch lcd display.two sterno speaker for front.good body build.water resistant.over all activities r best.
i had bought my phone moto g second generation white from flipkart in month of october and due to some reasons mobile screen has been cracked and i gave it to near by service center they said that should change panel and it cost me seven thousand rupees.
it works perfect.update: ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------after using 3 month the screen was broken accidentally dont want to repair it anyway.so.720p screen for a 5 inch phone is a disaster.
phone good battery good camera good touch screen , great mobile.full pain wool mobile.
the display is sharp and clear even with the increase in screen size.
on th july i placed an replacement request as there was a blue spot on the screen went to the service center they told its donna take least 20-30 days for repairing.since not much days had passed so i got of asking for an replacement.once.
soft screen comfortable and well built.
the upper back portion and the upper front portion of the screen got very hot after normal uses.
there is also a few seconds of slow down when i return to the home screen or switch apes after some heavy web browsing.lollipop adds lock screen modifications so i dont need to use a third party pp anymore.there is really not much to complain about for a budget phone him coming from an shone 5 because i wanted a larger screen and i dont find this phone lacking at all.
the screen went black and then a white screen appeared with the motorola log and android.i made the steps to make a recovery of manufacturing pressing the power button next to the low volume recovery then screen andros doll .
camera quality is good with very good flash awe sum sound quality along with screen resolution.
his look good in camera itself but when view on standard lcd desktop/laptop,it looks age.
good branded phone at this cost.till date working fine intact compared to the older generation this has a better camera bigger screen front speakers & expandable memory.one more this phone looks sleeker than the older generation.
my first hand experience as i opened the box and switch on the phone i was asked to update my phone in android 5.0.2, so first experience to me was awesome, it has great screen with great color production gorilla glass 3 so no scratches then great sterno speakers awesome quality.
i have purchased motog2 in dec14 and after 5 months , its screen got damaged as mobile slipped from my hand and gorilla glass cracked.
great phone great prices the screen is very good it runs smooth and the camera is oka its works perfectly in venezuela.
however touch screen was not working properly.new phone works fine with battery touch response.but touch sensitivity is not consistence in all screen areas / all time.i never have faced this type of touch problem in my s3.
i like the screen size.i can also notice some diagonal stripes on the screen when looking from certain angles when the screen is on - i am not saying those touch-sensing cell traces when the screen is off.
the screen is absolutely gorgeous.its vivid and bright and puts my nexus 4 screen to shame.the phone has a premium feel with a nice weight and soft touch back.battery life so far has been excellent easily lasting a full day with average usage and screen set to 75% brightness.
also this device has a great screen resolution.
the 5 inch screen is awesome and it can be updated to android 5.0(lollipop) easily from the system updated settings by downloading an update of about 400 mb.
touch is awesome, though have matter screen guards but the smoothness is amazing.
product lost its touch in 45 days.
there doesn seem to be a compromise in battery life despite the larger screen.
its relatively fast its build quality is the highest have ever seen in this price brackets the screen pipes are visible at some angles but its never too bad its only an annoyance if you are very picked.
before going to the negative first i have to admit the positive like big screen and fantastic camera.
as soon as i unvexed it and switched it on , he screen just hung , touch did not work , i had to switched it off with long press multiple times to get it working 2.
having decent resolution for given screen games and other apes are really smooth in comparison with my previous phone.
the phone i received have a lot of scratches in the screen.i dont know if i got a refurbished item or what but when the screen is off you can see all the marks.
i have ordered 2 zenfone, which were defeated at delivery and a moto g and men it was used phone as dust in screen.
bigger screen - and the screen looks real nice.some time i receive call but it does not work on touch screen.
his phone hangs all the time is heavy and has bad receptivity to touch.
there is a slight tendency for dust to accumulate at the edges of the front where the screen meets the panel.gives me a maximum of 16hrs with moderate use and a maximum screen on time of 4 and a half his.
micromax is fast in processing screen is big everything is gud.but in moto g .
i have to lock the screen wait for the normal call reception view to come up and then receive the call.in the good side battery consumption while talking to someone is very less speakers are very loud and still clear display quality is good and although the screen is broad the phone is still very handy.
but do we necessarily look at the screen in bright sunlight.probably if we are looking at the screen 30 times a day during receiving a call only 5 will be in the bright sunlight.
when i open my box and switch on my phone my excitement was gone screen is having black lines from top to bottom on right side of the screen in disappointed ,flipkart support is not responding in a good way hoping for a refund or replacement update : got a replacement and all good.
the phone is really awesome.the touch is very good.there is no overhearing is found.the front cam is also good.the phone is very handy to use.the front speakers work properly even with the dual him and iii i get enough battery back up.the voice quality is good.the motorola emblem looks good.
in my old phone not able to play some graphics game.
after it got replaced within a month i am again facing touch screen issues.
for browsing downloading phone working very well touch is awesome, look is great sound is great all feature are really stunning.
its amazing big and colourful screen good battery life and good price range.
i have used this phone for more than a week now and here what i found rose - screen clarity and resolution - camera quality both front and rear - unadulterated andros experience - it is fast and is great for multi-tasking - good shopping experience with flipkart sons - average battery life.
2.5 inch screen but the pp is not so good when compared moto g st genu.
the touch is good and smooth.
the device got from screen problem so i gave it to service centre on 01/09/2015 and as per them i was to get the screen replaced and the phone was to be returned within 7 to 10 days.
its worth buying.the new features added bigger screen size good speakers camera resolution makes it worth to buy.
when i put it for charging i am not able to you the touch of the phone.
i received my phone today and right out of the box the display has long black vertical lines across the screen.
love the camera quality and battery life with good touch screen.
west of the features as camera touch feel experience.
more home screen not available over all : good.
the screen size display and overall feel of the phone material is very good.
great screen to last brilliant sound love the mobile but sold due to terrible battery.good mobile if your use limited but otherwise its problematical due to battery.
the touch screen does not work.
have had this phone a little over two months now and it has started to have a hay purple shade on the edges that seems to fade into the rest of the screen.it times there are light purple vertical lines that overlay the screen.
20 days after use the phone was flickering and screen unreadable.nothing but black screen would not turn on.
by no means are you going to last all day if you are on it all day but the experts have said they can get 4 hours on screen time before the battery dies.to long battery save apes that dont work anyway!screen: the 5 inch screen looks awesome.the dual screen sterno speakers are a nice touch not the greatest out there but certainly better than most phone with the volume in one spot on the back of the phone.software: pretty much stock android, no bloatware, the way android was meant to be thank you motorola!.sometimes i notice it takes about 3 seconds for the home screen to load back up after existing certain apply.
space touch was not working perfectly while tying message so i placed the returned request.
the phone seems good great sized screen battery last a long time it really seems like an overall great phone.
indeed is a great phone but when i opened it was with screen damage and also inferior speaker is damaged.
screen color quality is quite whitish even though clarity and sharpness is very good.
sound quality good screen quality.the.
i have exchanged this phone 2 times each and every time i was facing some problems : 1-- shone was getting heat up first phone 2-- pp were getting closed instantly 3-- touch sometimes doesn work irons the camera is good speakers are fine.
any apes can open many times as screen turned into black.
its nice good screen clarity .touch sensitivity could be much better but oka.
larger screen than earlier version.
awesome graphics resolution is very good.
dual front speakers are awesome and the screen colors are very good.
moto g 2 hand set get heated when we use data or talking continuously 30 to 40 minutes its back and screen not get heated .
the screen is gorilla glass 3.given with how the adreno 305 struggles to max mcpe and clock story i have no doubt you have to turn the graphics down in intensive or worse optimized games.the camera controls are simple and with hdr enabled there not much left to complain about except a noticeable but not severe lack of sharpness in the imp camera.screen: 9/10the screen gets quite bright and seems fairly readable in sunlight.you wont find better for the price outside of a couple foka gumma devices which historically worship screen quality and neglect specie.additionally, the forward facing speakers click tactile buttons gorilla glass 3 screen ratification light rubberized economic shape and micro slot are all features that elevate the moto g 2014 above its smarten competition at the $180 price point.overall, great build quality great ui/os, snakish gazing average camera good sound great screen good battery great reliability great perish and an amazing prices.
excellent brightness screen resolution.
also the bar at the bottom of the screen to go to the home screen and go back pages completely disappears from time to time.
touch is good.vice camera also available to play high graphics games like real facing 3,asphalt 3 lay 1080p video without any last.
first off the screen is not as sharp as the higher resolution honest.but it is not a grain screen like you get in the least expensive honest.
and one thing to be said in right side small corner touch calibre wrong scene but that is nothing to worry about it.
great prices working with movistar in mexico no issues at all great screen size great pictures quality.
bigger lighter crystal clear screen.
screen is good light weight.
touch also not proper sometimes.
touch is not sensitive it is heavy camera really sucks cried to improve touch sensitivity by factory rest but all in vain.
initially thought of buying zen but after reading comments in flipkart i withdraw from the thought and i ordered moto 2nd gen which i got lollipop updated you have to taste it believe me it is the best experience or going to get prose screen is good camera quality is decent build quality is top notch which you are not going to get with chinaphones last but not least lollipop you are going to love it icons only con is average battery life.
awesome smartphone, the screen is absolutely gorgeous the speaker sound crisp and clear the motorola g and works perfect with movilnet operator in venezuela.
auto rotate screen function is also slow.
i bought this phone i am from venezuela i have used it for 2 days , and i have to say so far it is way much more than what i was expecting it to be so i recommend it great screen , sound , pictures i have nothing to complain about the battery was charged when the phone arrived and it last more than a day of full use.
gros of the phone vice screen.
screen lock button - now profile and firm - helped prevent accidental dealing.
i bought this phone for ask and look at this problems speakers problem when you call someone you can hear their voice when you hear music its all flurry and sometimes touch problem and also baggy pus i rest dont buy this phone.
touch and handling also good.
vice screen size and after 1 month she thinks its faster with apes than her old samsung.
gros : cheap good looks expected to be upgrade to android l sons : gets hot very fast cannot play a game for even 10 mind , to lte (4g), screen isn as crisp as last years model.
do not buy from flipkart actual mr is 10999 and when u buy from market you will get 500 off and screen guards covers etc and with flipkart u will get only the phone for that price.
shone looks amazing and happy with phone look and design as well touch screen.
screen is large and clear.touch and build quality is quite good as well.
worth its cost a bit heavy screen is quite good audit quality and battery back up is good.
user friendly and awesome size screen.
fixed density of this screen is very good.the screen is 5"inch and it is very good.
graphics intensive games heat up the phone 5.
that brings me to keep in touch with flipkart.flipkart may also want to give flipkart first free for some regular customers for their satisfaction.thank u flipkart!!!!!!!.
back cover is very soft and smooth to touch and feels great in the hand.display > screen colours are pretty amazing crisp and clear.
and its prone to dropped screen is very fragile.the screen broke the first time i dropped it.i called the motorola customer care to check where i can get my screen replaced could not reach a human to talk to after 10 attempts.the phone got stuck at loading screen and was not able to boots.
of increases the screen size battery should be increases.
you must have to do some adjustments in the phone for the better battery life like low brightness install all the factory installed stupid useless apes that may run in background installing to many messengers which runs background all the time playing he games etc.to get a full day.
vice screen size and good graphics.
and like one of the user has already pointed out - (and i faced the same issue too) i got a sealed moto go box but upon opening it i was bit shocked to see the plastic sheet of phone screen was bit like forged second hand set kind of work.
judges are often on the screen round quality is brilliant with dual speaker front camera.
the only issue was that offer for replacement of old phone which was was used at the time of buying this product appeared on first screen of order and was not there at the time final order placed.
camera 4.5star both front and back battery 4 star user interface 4.5 star screen 4 star u will get more in rs:-12999.
the phone display has some problems the brightness level is much below the standards of regular motog2 handset.the display brightness is extremely low at minimum level it is almost invisible.
after one month its screen got black and mobile is in dead condition.
opening contact displays white screen for a long time.
problem with touch (lagging) door battery backup.
screen and rear part both became hot.
for under $200 and inch screen with a guaranteed update this phone has just about everything you'll want and need.
its touch is is not working.sometime the whole screen goes blank.
camera : good touch : good battery : of we use g it gets half in just a hours.screen : touch interface is very good and i haven fixed any screen protector till now.
of you are looking for a budget phone with a nice camera and touch this is the phone to go for.
his is an excellent phone a value for money with features and screen size at this price range.
vice screen great camera.
touch screen started giving issues sometimes touch doesn work for certain areas.
the touch was satisfactory and overall it was all fine until ten days back - i realized that i couldn switch on the phone after trying several times.
touch is okay however faced little issues sometimes.auto brightness works perfectly and no need for manual brightness adjustment.sons the home back buttons are built in touch screen.
i know that there are a ton of other great features about this phone but i love the gps the best.the screen is nice and big but its not too big.the screen is crisp and clear and it totally blows away the screens of other budget honest.
screen damage as charge for replacement is too much.
i purchased this phone and from the very first day i am facing problems of automatic heating display brightness issues and faulty display.
touch would not work sometimes.
when i do the method of keeping the power button pressed for 120 seconds but the screen doesn turn on.
when i switch on this mobile its showing vast krishna name on screen.
i wouldn recommend that you update to 5.0 just yet because the graphics interface of 5.0 will slow you down and 4.4 runs smooth as a dream.the screen is very nice at full brightness it can be read in direct sunlight is 10-finger touch capacities and does not have a scratch on it thanks to the gorilla glass.
y can i refund it there is a problem in touch in offered a replacement but y can i get refund.i dont anna continue with this product,,not satisfied.i want refund back.
screen resolution and size is up to mark 2.
recently i have upgrade to lollipop, after upbraiding to this it is showing many issues like battery drainage heating problems touch response and taking lot of time to full charging.
was great sound screen and features.
the fifty option to have screen wake for general modifications and ratification shippers on the lock screen.
love the big screen than moto gen 1.
not up to mark battery problems touch screen probe overall did not meet my expectation as others say.
2-3 his screen on time.
really nice display bigger screen size than the previous one speaker sound is really good another big improvement in camera 8mp with flash.it is really painful since that screen gets blank mostly when are getting a call or you are in middle of something important ordered a replacement and used in for like 15 days but still the same problem is there.
unlike "copycat micromax" and who use thirty processors or "shame-sung" footing people this quand core will give you amazing performance and fast graphics.
i have purchased one moto g and gen on 23 rd october 2014 from flipkart and sorry to inform that the screen of the mobile broke on just a simple fall of mobile from my hand while i was sitting in the office.since.
the phone is very light compared to other phone with the same screen size and the speakers are very good.
the screen is just the right size for all my uses.
its the best smartphone with such specification at such a rate.nice touch good camera quality.da only drawback is the audit is not dat grt.else.awesome phone!!!.
i wish the screen brightness was better outdoor.its good for social networking as the screen size is just perfect.
i like big screen honest.
love the screen quality and the subtle matter white causing which the guy at mobile admired.
convenient to use easily got the upgrade of lollypop (android 5.0), just fine on asks bundles best one is assist nice to hold in hand good utilisation for screen size is smaller than other 5.0 inch honest till now has not given me any worries.
touch sensitivity is much better than sonya.
when i see the display screen in bright light say outdoor on a sunny day i see intersecting lines on the display screen.also when i play shalt 8 airborn, the game automatically shuts taking me back to the home screen.
but since last 2 days touch is not working completely.
but this also came to end when it dropped off my hand and suffered a lot of scratches on the corners of the screen.
i have grown to love the screen though and its camera.
the unit is light and the screen while not the highest resolution is very very crisp - she really likes it.
other mobile of the range canst touch the bottom line in performance and in prices.
i bought for work but i am actually going to sell my first phone phone act and keep it this one to my self the screen has the perfect size but the phone grip isn very good thought.
but the and gen moto g isn that good when we compare the screen resolution and picture clarity with the old one .moto g with the screen size of 4.5 inch had 2070 may which was the one of the drawback of the phone.
screen is fabulous,very recent great resolution you can easily see it in sunlight.performance is very good,very smooth graphics are also good.battery takes a 4 hour to full charge and only runs 6-8 his and if u are using the g network then it runs only 5-6 hrs.but if you dont use your phone continuously then battery is not a major problem to you there one another problem is its heat, sometimes you even cannot touch it to your ears.
his mobile is superb in its class , camera is average but room is not good voice is clear touch is superb little bit hanging problem front camera is satisfactory young is very good.
some phone great graphics and about battery little drawback rest its the best one my first andros.
and gen brightness is too low.in manual full brightness its very difficult to look at screen even in not so sunny days.st gen is a way way far better than and gen in brightness.the brightness is so low that its only unable indoors.
ought this for my cousin there is a color patch in the top of the screen and one him card tray is missing.
the build quality of the phone is sturdy and fits perfectly in hand didn face any issues with the display or screen quality it works as expected.
very good screen and camera.
touch is brilliant and so is its screen!!!.
high resolution screen sensitivity , long lasting battery back up.
across honest including moto g and genu the perpetual problem is that despite the claims of a gorilla 3 screen all the screens are extremely fragile.
i am wondering that it is not given(mind we are giving 12.999 inr ) for 6000 inr mobile itself they are giving 2 screen guard lip cover etc ,,,,,.
screen size speaker features are very good.
sons doesn't come with screen guards.
now battery only 2070mah for inch screen 2.
i dropped it from 4 ft of height facing screen.
it does need a case in my opinion and i got a nice one from amazon that protects it well but doesn add to the size of it much.i've never been one who was interested in watching couture video or anything but this moto g has such a dynamic screen and such great sterno speakers now i canst resist.
vice build quality awesome came good hand grip and superb touch bad.
recent value for money product with a decent build quality bright screen and overall performance.
screen vice crisp and vivid but only 720p.
it was perfect but then after 6 months it just kept starting and wouldn go past the motorola screen.
about the phone am using it now for 2 days,and it seems to be doing great in terms of battery,camera is ok,screen is bright and clear.
touch is good as per price tags.
voila glass helps to use it without screen protector 6.
more storage bigger screen letter round amazing camera quality with auto focus its best mobile in this price range.
good sharp display and big screen really gives a good look to the phone .
and pure andros with awesome touch response.
the screen is crisp touch is sensitive and phone is snapped.the display is great in sunlight also i did not have to adjust the brightness in my care.regarding the screensize, the full screen view is available only on couture video and kindle book reading mode as far i get to check.to the extra screen size is not unable in normal usage.
touch such better than usual mono speakers you wont feel like hearing in a phone ls.the lesser the ppi the lesser load on cpu so the same battery on moto g could handle the extra screen real-estate.auto brightness is not well caliberated.
the phone starts behaving strange home screen icons positions changed automatically emergency call screen pips up when i want to clock phone.
screen is crystal clear and the speakers are the best have found.
lovely shone with a huge screen compared to motor 1 and got it pretty cheap using exchange offer and standard chartered offer.
the resolution of the screen is hd.there is no extreme heating when playing these high graphics games.
when i first got it i liked the screen size and it felt well made.
i got this phone delivered on with act and on with of act the touch screen of the product stopped working.
good screen resolution 2.screen shot procedure of holding two button works sometimes and fails sometime overall a good budget phone with which you can spend a year ( if you like to change mobile often - 2 to 3 years if you are not finicky.sons > battery drains very fast i think its because of screen size and low rating battery.
it is a shame too as i liked the larger screen.
screen moto go has an awesome 720p screen which is awesome, great quality colors and everything.
this is a very good phone in the range 10-15 sound and display screen are the awesome features of this phone.
whereas a problem w the screen despite it being listed as new / open box and charging more based on that rating.
the products which are offered from flipkart are too defective the products replaced by others are being circulated now a days i bought a 6000 for which screen is damaged and next bought us cab for which the mother board is defective and replaced and next bought moto g second generation that too motherboard complaint and needs one month time for the replacement my suggestion is better to buy on other webster we people have to first change and stop buying the products so they will be coming down with good products.
some areas of the screen would not respond to touches wife hotspot would work at its whim.some areas specially on the top portion of the screen would not respond to touches.now i am not sure what to do should i go for a refund or ask for rd replacement.
in checking which apes are draining the battery i found that well standby is taking lot of juice out of it next to screen - which obviously is the top battery consumer.
its a nice phone supporting all mid level games did not tried games with high graphics requirements.
the touch screen is decent and resolution could be better(but it is definitely up to the standards.
when i read about motorola releasing this one and day by day and review after review i became convinced for the price of any of those i could buy three moto g (2014) and suddenly those weren that great at all.so far him very glad the phone doesn look cheap its sleek comfortable has a nice screen gorilla glass 3 resistant nice sound.when i want great picture i take my camera when i want great sound i use my jbl speakers and if i want to play a hard on graphics game i use my playstation.
touch is good.
the size is perfect and the screen is very nice.the screen is made of gorilla glass and the back is a substantial plastic.
the scenes keeps going blank and i have to start the phone get the screen working again.
the only reason i have had to keep getting replacement for it is the display screen.in all three occasions the display screen has had the same issue.and the issue is the display screen on the volume rocket side is a bit raised above the main phone body due to which there is a thin gap which emit the illumination form the display from the side of the phone.must a word of caution as soon as you receive this product check for the screen.
i plan to stick with the stock rom for the foreseeable future and use posed for mods.to conserve battery life both generations of the moto g are very dim with the default auto brightness settings.i dont like that so i used gravitybox in posed to significantly increase the brightness.display accuracy seems to vary greatly from one phone to another but fwiw, these are measurement taken on my moto g:contrast ratio 1,555:1average color temperature (20% - 100%): 6855kgamma: 2.69grayscale average did 4.07color hecker average did 4.39max brightness 376 cd/m2 (110 fl)the contrast is typical for an lcd smartphone display and the color accuracy is fair.i can appreciate having such a large screen but this phone is really pushing the limits of what i feel is an acceptable size for a phone.
initially got a faulty one(automatically launched the apes without touching the screen and then hangs after some time which i reported to the customer care then they replaced it but it took a week to do so.
also the phone laws a lot hangs quiet often screen also flicked at times.
then the display started blinking after some regular of times and this is the time where the screen went black the phone is working but the screen isn't!!!.
it this price it is the best phone.with lollypop.great screen.good cemara.but in video camera.no touch focus.lollypop does not allow you to select pp drawn background.
the screen resolution is good.
screen is vive 295ppi.battery back up is for more than one day for me wife 24 he even in office and home+low brightness whole time.all is set for 12 hours ( full time wife on and 40% screen brightness ) phone is bit slow while twitching to apes while playing games.battery is kind of drawback but screen resolution pick are amazing.
the screen is excellent.and the feel of touch is nice .
i like the screen size as it is fairly big in contrast to other phone on the market.
camera also superb but the touch has stopped working after 5 months of regular use.
i dont play lot of game but played asphalt subways and many for few time no issue with he performance but when coming to service from motorola forget it the service is provided by b2x not from motorola directly my phone screen stopped showing up on a morning suddenly even if the phone was not even dropped from my hand.
for a while i could load the lock screen but on unlocking it went blank now after factory rest it is completely blank.
supports heavy games average camera clarity nice interface smooth touch.
the item received has a fig blue dark circle on the screen i have raised a complain for the replacement.
some screen icons display is too large for me.
good feeling good navigation superb screen display awesome sound quality good screen size fast processing of apply etc i love the service from flipkart.com.
display screen has gone permanently flurry 2.
premium look and large 5'0 screen let u use it freely.
reason - the screen flickers, apes open up automatically.canst even touch a option menu a faulty product is delivered to me ordered a replacement now.
after replacement of screen the problem is still there.
i love it most because of it unique look when screen is locked its pure black .i ve been using it for a long lime and i have no complaints it gives a back up of 8-10 his on nominal use and continuous iii usage which is not at all bad for a 5 inch screen phone.
but one suggestion for moto makers in their next launch they should increase pp density as the screen has gone bigger and intact thebbattery took.as my moto g first gen is more brighter than moto g second genu the battery obviously will also be used up with large screen so next time more boasted juice.
but overall the performance is good 5 stars for the touch screen quality.
dont forget to buy a screen guard.
his the best mobile ever i have seen in mid range very cheap phone with the best quality of screen and other features.
but the battery life sucks, and speaker volume not much loud and brightness not enough for daylight.
screen is good when you hold it , it feels like heaven.
n support or sd card is a bonus screen size is perfectly body of the phone is good makes u feel that u r holding a branded phone but if u ll see d back shell its ly a garbage.
sometimes it overheard and loses a full charge in 2 hours with screen turned off.after dropping it in water it is still functional with a slightly water damaged screen.
moto g is a awesome product for the feel and touch related earlier was using samsung products and for the price range its a good deal but the concern is with the battery life which is too less comparatively 2070 may is not sufficient to complete entire days activity.
i have bought this product 3 months back and visited the service center 2 times for various issues screen and touch.it worked very fine for the first week then the screen problem started immediately after the flipkart warranty period ended.
the ips lcd gives a very good viewing angle.the absent light senior defects and adjust the screen brightness so that it wont be a problem to use the phone in high lit or low lit conditions.
it hangs and touch screen is not a great experience.
the screen is extremely well built.impressive touch response.
of you come to the screen resolution you cannot say that its 720p or 1080p until you go through the specification.
wont buy this phone the list of problems is endless but the main ones will be 1 really awful touch you will get frustrated using it 2 battery doesn charge quickly but drains faster 3 laws a lot to for for some higher end honest buying mid range phone is really a bad idea.
very well built , excellent sharpness and touch screen very good camera controls and sharpness.
by two sons use and i never dared to touch them because i am a smart phone illiterates.
his is an all time popular phone with great camera graphics.touch is very smooth and taking self using this mobile is also very easy.
the hands looks amazing with its 5 inch screen and dual front speakers drilled.the rear finish looks good with the 8mp same clash and moto logo(with a slight dip that feels good on touch and feel.the screen size has been increased and it does consumed the battery a bit more.without doing anything extra and lowest level of brightness playing no games(strictly), gas settings switched off always battery back up is mere 1.5days.it takes time to switch from apes to main screen or even a worst experience i would say is it hanged few times and the phone system frozen.
bigger screen and better camera quality.
the replaced set i got was even more faulty problem with speakers persisted screen went into the blink mode like a disco light.
good product but battery back is not good even-though i turn off all option like bluetooth, wife reduce display brightness go location mobile data.
true the screen is 1280x720 instead of 1980x1080 but at its size its indistinguishable to my old eyeball and him something of a home theater videophile).
second one is when enable "adaptive brightness it doesn work at all dont know what exact happens but brightness remains the same as it is in dark room also and in lighted room also.
touch screen does not respond at all.
my screen damaged in a small drop from just 3 feet.
very nice looking unable high resolution screen life battery normal.
features very good battery no need to twice a day excellent camera(with good room quality excellent touch network coverage is good also round quality sterno sound in speaker and much more.
have been using it for 10 months now was a big enough screen decent camera acceptable touch screen.
fig screen but not too big.
using this from the last 3 months i can say this is a good pick among the mobile in the same range auditor screen size probability etc everything is good.
his phone is big with a big screen.the moto-g's screen appears to be just as good especially when you crank up the brightness.the touch response is very quick with lately that almost as low as the in devices(try playing drum apes in both and you'll see what i means.
the screen has very nice viewing angles and good colors.
i have been facing touch screen problem from the beginning of the day.
now i am stuck with the phone whose touch screen is not working.
it has big 5 inch screen with superb build quality and design.
now am i donna show my pixelated screen and non functional button to a person on called lastly i gave up and politely asked her to cancel the request.
this is really irritating the touch also does not work properly at times specially while tying and playing games.
his one does all of this plus it is a had brighter easier to read and workmen screen perform as well if not better than most bigger name models that cost twice as much and more.
smooth touch and awesome looks.
using phone from last 20 days phone is actually too good and having very good touch music and camera quality is also awesome overall this mobile is best in less then 15000 budget battery is have some less back up due to 2070 may but overall is good mobile .
love the big screen and the reflexes of the touch screen.
it is less than 6 months old and the touch screen is coming off.
battery charges very quickly i found the screen to be a bit glossy.
screen blackest was happening every now and then and i had to get it rectified.
capacitive touch 9.
cry to switch off captive brightness and mentally increase the brightness a bit so that its visibly clearer.
by using the same for 2 weeks here is my views right weight feels so due to size smooth touch experience good battery life.
moto g and men perfectly fits in hand and the back cover gives good grip i have run high end graphics games and everything was smooth without any lags.camera is good but the auto focus is a bit late,battery life is also a bit unsatisfactory.
i got this phone for my wife because she wanted a bigger screen and i was pleasantly surprised i ended up wanting one for me i have a galaxy s4, which is superior but for this prices the moto is an excellent choice the colors are crisp and beautiful the speakers are facing up which is great since you actually hear ratification sounds when placed on a flat surface the battery life is more than decent the camera take beautiful pictures the ratification bar is a bit annoying since you have to click twice to get all the information but most of the little kinds you can solve by installing a good launched from goose play i can believe this phone is this good for this prices you can go wrong.
the glass was fine but the lcd splintered and eventually stopped displaying properly.the case has so many debts it looks like a car tender but the lcd works just fine.
camera is fantastic screen is very nice overall phone is great.
best touch ever enjoyed.no need for screen guard.now come to bad feature of mobile.first thing.battery charging is slow.too slow.it.
its a very vice mobile with lots of latest features and very rough which satisfy haste free usage rose camera screen resolution talk time roughness sons to g video calling on removable battery.
touch will not respond phone gets hanged.
vice working touch screen auto updated i updated android 5.1.1.
touch is sticky.while wiping any unwanted pp or anything gets open due to sticky touch 5.
shalt 8 does not run in medium graphics it has be in low or the game clashes.other high graphics games fare the same way.only low graphics games like puzzled and temple run run properly.there are some issues with the touch also.a lot of times i could not type the letters on the side of the screen.
recently bought moto g 2 generation from flipkart and after 1 month it was dropped and my screen was scattered when i went to service center they told that its parts are not available and it will cost around 6000 bullshit dont.
good screen display but has very poor battery life.
the phone is amazing right from the presence in your hands great touch quality no heating up issues as i read at many places , amazing brightness and display good rear camera with good forgetting option .
please dont buy moto g2.i'm using malo go since 3week,it is heating like a often rock while playing games and using internet,both screen and back.flipkart didn take any action about my return request.
it seems the screen flickers.
in to me it better then an shone 5 the screen is somewhat big.
for egg you canst change to silent mode at the touch of a button like in nokia.
screen is very good,nice display.back.
yes the phone with a bigger screen now feels little big when compared to motor 1.
lip cover should have from moto g and screen guards.
while the screen is a bit bigger than the st generation the phone looks a bit cheaper in build than the st genu.
now great is that splash screen on boot up.the screen is clear and sharp and while the colors dont pop they are natural quite like the htc palette.i cannot understand why most reviews talk about potential battery life issues just because of the bigger screen.
ordered moto go white & received in black screen guard also tempered.
except testing screen is so simple but not colourful like samsung.
the moto g and men is an upgrade to the earlier st men model with a larger screen size and some minor tears in the hardware specie.
screen can be viewed from any angle and does not invent the colours thanks to ips lcd display.
but after 6 month later i start facing heating problem and touch problem while charging phone.
after 2 weeks of use the screen is damaged.
only camera and screen clarity is good.
while using them i faced some issues with touch screen,mic,speakers.
the screen is quite clear and the front facing camera captures high quality pictures.
can blandly go for it and many are reporting touch complaints in this reviews but it is false touch was snappy.
about mobile easy to handle weight less smooth display touch performance lot of new features camera is worth for imp rear and imp front video 720 pp and slow motion capture make feels good.
i also like the inch screen - for me the phone has a perfect form factor both thin and lightweight.the septic touch tying is really good makes tying a better experience given my fat fingers).to extend battery life screen must be dimmed and running apes stopped otherwise by end-of-day, battery will need to be charged.
screen stopped working properly with no crack or anything outside.there was no physical damage on the screen.
the bigger screen was a nice side effect.i got used to the screen size quickly.
it was working very smoothly and suffer fast.the touch is excellent,display is great thanks to goose and moto to make this exceptional phone at a exceptional price.trendy look camera and front camera both are brilliant scorning gorrila glass 3 a very good budget phone.
battery drains fast but its far better compared to us zenfone my roommate has this phone touch sometimes dont respond this started after 6 months of usage.
the phone screen gets blinked off in between any other activity.like in mid of testing the screen links off all of a suddenly learnt that after a power restarted it works fine temporarily.
the screen size is good sterno speakers are also nice but it lacks lte.
screen looks nice but the battery takes forever to charge.
when i first received the handset, there was a bright permanent spot on the screen.
camera quality is good screen clarity is awesome mobile look is very good if audio/video playing for long time mobile is heating very door battery draining with in 12 his.
livid screen loud and clear audit speakers.
screen touch is very sensitive very slim look stylish best camera fantastic speaker but sound quality in head phone is not up to the mark.
matter back was not good not even 12 ever since i bought this phone.except the battery issue screen quality & everything is good.
overall good phone nice look god screen.
you dont need a screen protector.also the screen contrast and color production is just great it beats many of the 20k+ phone in this aspect.
the phone has a five inch screen.
camera quality,touch sensation and alert.assist.
- screen is very good great viewing angles.
ordered the phone on 22/dec/15 and got it in one day 23/dec/14 i bought this phone in exchange offer to my old samsung galaxy lcd first generation).
it multitasks well plays games like a champ(once i get x-com: enemy unknown all post its performance here has front-facing sterno speakers and its screen is stunning.hair this with a 64gb, class-10 micro-sd card for around $30 extra(format it or it wont work and your set should note that even though sharpness and color accuracy are excellent the moto g(2)'s backlight bleeds a little when its screen is black.
vice screen and pretty good auditor.
the large screen is great and it weighs less than the huawei.need i say more?usability - the larger screen makes a world of difference for me.he both started to look up into at the same time and i had it on my screen in less than half the time he did.
coming to this phone it is one hell of a phone the best one i have ever had pro very good camera nice design smooth touch very good performance play heavy games smoothly better interface than samsung, htc, bony sons i am still searching for it.
half the time screen doesn work other than that apes go haywire for no reason.
the best features are 1)the screen is 5 inch & touch is super smooth 2)back camera is very good front camera isn the greatest 3)sound quality is good its loud & clear 4)baterry waver pp is awesome 5)to transfer contacts,pics, messages from your old phone is a 5 mind job overall i would recommend this is the best phone in this price to for it !!!!.
awesome phone great build quality outstanding camera a sharp screen,smooth interface,great in performance good multitasking, but a bit disappointing battery backup.
i have used both this and its predecessor and other than some minor weeks in the camera screen launched etc its practically the same phone.
the touch is also very smooth.verdict good big screen phone super smooth ok camera and full value for money.
it drains fast when screen is awake but stand by is good.
his is d best phone i have ever purchased touch is very gud.battery back is quite satisfying .
the specification are quite decent it is fast and capable to run some heavy graphics games.
the he display is decently brighter than average midrange smartphone and u can use the mobile pretty well keeping the brightness to zero.screen is well protected by morning gorilla glass 3.touch interface is the best as well and its a bit weighty than average smartphone.
the phone doesn respond when i touch the answer button.the screen sensitivity is ok as i tested other apes in the same area of screen it works.solution : i can lock the screen and clock this time i can answer .
2)screen: the screen is very vivid and very smooth with gorilla glass but it is not scratch proof).
it has a premium design and feel to it and as long as your are staring directly at the screen and not at an angle you will have no qualms about the screen.
the first had issues with touch screen got it replaced.again problems with the screen faded colour on the top left side of the screen.the biggest problem is you cannot get in touch with technical department directly.
his phone works well the problem is the screen is fragile.
maybe with the size increase of the screen ( vs st men moto g), motorola should have introduced a bigger battery but in general terms this is a great acquisition.
since then the resolution of the screen has gone down and pink lining started appearing on the screen.
screen size resolutions camera clarity with auto focus option are awesome.
rose - fig screen with good resolution.
touch the first option shone information".don't touch other option.of network doesn changes touch the turn off radio button.caution: inside the 'testing' pp dont touch the other settings unless you are sure about them or you will land up in trouble & phone may damage.
i was reading the news on my phone one night when suddenly the screen went off.
after 3 months of buying moto g and gen the screen of my one went partial black.
round is good camera is excellent and screen seems fantastic.
when ordered the phone for the first time found performance issues related to network and screen display.
i have purchased this moto go in flipkart online in dec and dont know my bad luck or not i got touch problem in 40 days.
when the camera icon is clicked a black screen appears.
weather touch is awesome.
after 23 days of usage touch screen at the bottom does not work and i see in the black background the screen gets fading out.
although the screen size is 5 inch it doesn feel big on your hands.the screen is ultra clear.
some camera display , touch sensitivity that i like most is gps functionality.
camera clarity resolution of screen are good as expected.
good mobile with good performance but battery is not enough for a phone with 5 inch screen day charge is really mandatory for this mobile other than this its awesome.i have been using this mobile for 3 months nice touch pad and camera.
air , i had received an used hands with scratch over plastic screen guard .
vfm phone as it has water proof screen along with gorilla glass 3.
sure android screen quality is excellent sons have not received the lollipop update yet.
it is a great phone with a good price and the touch is really very good.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.
terrible touch response.
graphics is too good in moto g2, after lollipop upgrade the looks changed ambient display feature available which will adjust the brightness automatically according to the surrounding.
i am using this phone since last week and this phone is great video recording quality is superb and touch is very smooth.
and the screen was displaying some auto report text.
motorola has increased the screen size but not the battery capacity due to which it doesn lasts even a day with normal use.
after use of 3 days i found a white/black screen comes for 1 second when i see photos from camera gallery or when i dial a number.
display is not crisp it just looks like a stretched out screen of previous moto g with a lower fixed density.
his phone has amazing sterno speakers and a good video performance though with a semi-hd screen.
pros: the screen size is a plus.touch is great.
the screen size of this phone is just what i wanted.the color reproduction is good for a phone in this price range and the 720p screen is also good.
but it doesn seem to be in my cases browsing net i find inch screen is more handy for internet/games etc compared to my moto x 4.7 inch screen.
love the bigger screen.
screen size and image quality is quite impressive.
have fallen twice but nothing happens to the screen.
excellent screen 2.fast and smooth graphics 3.
screen quality is not that good as my phone dropped from 2 ft height and screen got broken previous phone were more robust in this aspect.
there is a dot and horizontal line on the screen which is clearly visible if i tilt the phone a bit.
i got defeated product has speaker issues after that i filed complaints against it and get replacement product , but the replaced product also has defects such as white color is displayed in red shades hanging issues no him selection option getting on contact selected phone gets heat up when attached to charge also some time it screen colors changes automatically(but it was not periodically.
i could now play songs and not worry to keep the phone screen facing the table.
though the battery back is not very bad and it was not expected to be great either as 2000 oh can not be a very good support for 5 inch screen.with moderate use easily passes 12+ hours but intensive internet usage with on screen work can drain it in 8-9 hours completely.watching movie is a real fun with sound coming from near the screen instead of back in most of the phone including previous moto g).
i am at present facing a problem with screen flickering on a continuous basis.his does not happen in lock screen.
his phone probably has the best screen or on par with my work iphone5.the better screen and camera are worth it.
good looking,good camera,nice battery backup,good touch pad,and a nice display.thanks moto team and flipkrat.thanks a lot.
battery life is just as good as the iphone.the screen is amazing and the biggest surprise is the camera the daytime photos are fantastic.
long touch the power button and the only option you get is power off.and it doesn even ask for confirmation when you touch power off.
shone is too good,nothing much to speak about the negative in terms of performance and camera quality.but the display screen is not a quality one.it just broke when it fall from a 2.5 ft bed.which we did not expect.
the thing that i dont liked was the screen was not showing battery percentage on top .
hi, i hoped the best form the flipkart, but they have delivered me a moto g with a screen dismay problems.
product is good few fails compared to other androids, no multi wall paper setting goose search dialogue box stays on home screen so wallpaper is not completely shown.
touch 5 out of 5 6.screen resolution ice ppi would more.
even screen can compare to sharpness of first generation.
screen gets heated up frequently when i run games.within two minutes screen and the camera lens gets heated up.
it feels sturdy to hold and needless to say the gorilla glass requires no screen cover.
i needed a larger display to space more items on screen.
good touch and voice calls.
his is one of the best phone out there when you take into account the price/performance ratio also the getting started or help feature is amazing its really useful for beginners who agent used to touch screen based honest.
touch is smooth and display is quite good.
screen.i have no screen guard at present (i've never liked them though i am thinking all get one but it seems i need not worry as there have been no signs of scratching etc all still get a screen guard thought.
super fast and a very good screen quality!!!!.
whenever i am travelling in the train for just five hours i have to turn off the data reduce the brightness but still battery draining faster.
works perfectly excellent screen incredible prices.
excellent touch decent battery life.
the king of budget smartphones returns with a larger screen and a new and improved camera.
problems running super heavy graphics intensive games like shadowgun.
but unlucky got defective product having touch screen problem while dealing numbers lastly also while operating some sound is coming out.
very good product value for money better performance no complaints display net conductivity and screen resolution and all future are good.
display quality is superb , processing & touch as also excellent.if you want to purchase it wait for sale.
screen size 2.
i lost my screen after it fell off from my hand from 2 ftp.any lightning-like cracks on the screen i dont know why it happened.
touch is not effective while charging which reduces the liability while it is getting charged.have been using samson from last 4 years and feel that moto lacks behind in touch and battery.
its very good phone excellent value for money nice screen and everrything.but is giving only 4 hours screen time.
nobody gathered to get in touch with me on the status of the order i myself contracted the and i spoke 4-5 times with all different executive and they all said the same.
it is a fantastic phone with right sized screen for me.the only minor issue is that i didn find a way to stop all apes running in one touch.
came to me with a blue stripes on the screen which also most of the time getting stuck when receiving calls presumably should check that cell phone will be in perfect condition and more when they are international shipments since i am in venezuela and the dollars are restricted .
the phone is very good but the box says that its splash resistant i dropped my phone in water and i immediately took it out and dried it but what next the display is gone i went to the customer care they said that the motherboard can be repaired but the touch has been shot circuited.
i am really unsatisfied with this mobile except stylish look and light weight with good screen.
i love it so much my kid got one too and his friends say how much clearer the screen yes is than their honest.
but yes sometimes screen doesn response on phone calls and it is difficult to attend the phone i dont know if the problem is only in my phone.u wont believe i dropped the phone from and floor and its still alive in good condition just a micro crack on the corner of the screen .
the product received was defective touch screen not working.
i am getting 5 his of on screen time which is nearly 18 hours battery back on a single charge.
the screen looks awesome!.
size weight screen quality camera both main and front and battery backup, everything is perfect.
screen quality is also good but not excellent maybe because of guerrilla glass.
the screen is very bright and uses gorilla glass.
moved the screen sensitivity.
what is the point of having 5 inch screen if u have to constantly think of charging it.
forget the thumbprint readers the smile detection the big megapixel number the multitasking of a desktop and the screen resolution of a 50" tv, get this save money and truly own and control what is yours.
the camera is awesome, display is crisp with no pixelation even when you put your eyes nearer to the screen.
coming to the phone touch is super cool performance is too good.
door touch sensitivity.
the phone is just the right weight the glass screen is crystal clear and doesn seem to get printed up with finger prints as bad as the plastic screen.
the example of a good picture was i took a snap of my lawton screen and each and every word of the mail open on the screen was easily and clearly viewable.its also hardy providing a gorilla glass screen which protects you from basic scratches.
the water has damaged my phone and for sometime until battery was alive phone was alive but i was not able to use touch screen so was not able to receive any call.
7000/- for replacement idea more than half the cost of phone for screen only.
the big screen was perfect for watching youtube video.drowsing is fast and video streaming by which i mean youtube) streams smoothly without stitches which adds to the big screen experience.
good battery backup, fine screen touch no hanging problems.
super big screen super clarity of video and photos.
well folks him not here to tell you all the speck of the phone or something like that.everybody knows about the 5 inch screen sterno speakers ram, camera etc etc. that i want to share is the real experience of the phone.his point is for you well this device certainly can play almost any game in the playstore without any issues but it would be nice if you set game graphics to medium.it runs much better when you set the game on medium settings of graphics.
battery performance is below satisfactory level.camera,clarity of screen are excellent.overall.
touch is awesome,nice resolution,speakers are good,build quality is very good,you feel good while holding the phone in or hands.good performance,no laws till now.
battery life touch works fine i would have given this phone 5 stars if it had 2gb ram and if it supported 4g.
one cannot see anything on the screen - the phone is useless.of one goes outside in daylight the screen is readable.i have other phone and tablets with automatic display adjustment and the screen dim in indoors or low light - but the screen is clearly readable and unable.
only problem what i feel is the screen responsiveness.touch screen respond is not that effective.may be because i am using screen protector on the screen which may be causing the problems.
for the unaware the moto g had a three pin neuro style charge the current one is a standard two pink it comes fitted with a screen guards and includes your headphones.
the size is perfect the graphics are amazing screen is crystal clear and the response is fast and lawless.
within a couple of days it developed a new problems the screen started heating up.even days later the problem of the heated screen has started again.
the screen has a slight yellow tint.
the camera is better than last years model but the screen looks less vibrant, lots of bags with lollipop 5.0.2 and the battery is woeful.i watched a hour movie and that took down 52 of battery on full brightness.
touch response & performance is also good.
i got touch problem , unable to attempt call even switched off also , i leave phone till battery drain then i charged full then i used , everything will be working finesse can trust moto g thou flipkart,i usually book everything by "flipkart" site only , because such a nice genuine and delivered quality products.
except this the phone has good features like 1 good speaker volume and also good sound 2 decent camera 3 good touch experience.
after 6 months the remained half of the screen darker.
loudspeaker is front facing and can hear the phone ringing even while driving screen is quite clear and visible in direct sunlight with basic display brightness settings itself.i am not using any screen guard till now and i can hardly find any scratches in the screen after a weeks use(thanks for gorilla morning 3).
used 4 days , after and day start hanging multiple time restarted appear are getting hanging when try to picked call then touch is not responding.
handy touch is great.
faulty piece - black screen i received this piece within 7 days of ordering on the 29 octt.the display screen first had some random lines and within a few seconds i got a black screen.
his phone is best at 13000 rupees.its touch is very fast.
bigger and better screen than previous edition.truely.touch is much smoother and lawless.
the screen is crisp the camera is amazing for this price range performance-wise it is pretty dark fast at launching apes and graphics and ram intensive games run without any last.
i thought myself pretty brilliant and downright snug going down the road of life with a dumbphone with mobile repaid minutes in one hand and an touch wife phone (textme pp in the other would look down my nose at my friends with their fancy smartphones although i have to admit i was impressed with those gorgeous display screens and pity those poor souls with their prices contracts mean when a got down to it i had all i needed for cheap personal communication less than 10 bucks a months cell phone mainly for emergencies as i dont do a great deal of calling and occasional where are you queried and wife phone with very cheap minutes and free testing.i mean a pure android experience with very little bloatware, a 5 inch screen and a guaranteed move up to lollipop, and an amazon price tag of .him in.amazon shipping was fast.the moto g and men arrived sooner than expected.for some reason it didn come with a him card.no problem as i took it to the mobile risk at the mall and they installed the him card free with my mobile minutes in no time and my moto g and men was good to go.having been used to my dumbphones small screen i was taken aback by the vividly rich colors and sharpness of the 5 inch display on this puppy.the moto g feels well built and solid and i can hold it very comfortably.mostly i keep screen brightness at or below 50% and use battery saver.i could go on and on about this smartphone but all i can say is that i like it very much and am glad i now continue with the my less than 10 bucks a month personal communication using mobile repaid minutes and wife phone next he pp in one user friendly , efficient and sex device with all the bells and whistles i need and then some at a bargain of a price.the $179 moto g and gen is one neck of a deal.one other things dont waste your money on screen protectors.the moto g and gen comes with gorilla glass which takes an awful lot of effort to scratch.
display wise no need to spend extra mount on screen guards as it comes with gorilla glass.
great phone for the prices big screen very fluid interface.
screen resolution is worst with increase in screen size it is must to increase the resolution which motorola as failed to do 6.
i have purchased moto go in the month of april 29 and it will be touch is not properly workings.
it has the smaller screen.
screen brightness and viewing angles are good it has a super bright flash.the biggest let down to me is the battery life i can get max 7-9 hours of use out of the phone before him running for a charge.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.
i am getting a yellow line on the screen for the same issue i call to the filpkart executive regarding the issue for more than 5 times with in 2 days,but they are not taking requist.i.
yesterday i have got this phone and the phone was just awesome the camera battery mainly screen awesome.
- touch response is very good.
when i realized the touchscreen was requiring pressing slightly above the actual section of the screen i wanted to press.his was why the ratification bar want working it was expecting a press above the actual physical screen.
vice camera super studio quality vice screen clarity battery drain quickly -gps and wi-fi are not off properly.
it has all of the features i need i like the big screen but sometimes it feels like it is the max size i would want in my pocket.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.
screen resolution is very good.
to words to say.its absolutely fantastic in every aspects.no other phone in this price level can perform better than this.the screen is large enough.touch is fantastic.speed is great.no heating while playing heavy games.this phone supports many games and applications that some smart phone pricking above 25k(arjuns phone per the canst support.
the touch stops working momentarily.update (12th september): after calling up flipkart every day for the last 3-4 days and listening to their standard response well give you a callback within 24hrs or the end of the day i finally got a call from their customer support team asking me to remove the screen protector and also do a hard rest of the phone by holding the volume down and power key while the phone was lowered down.that did get me to the bootloader screen but i had to read other tutorials on the internet to wipe the data and ache partition from the recovery screen.after the phone enters the recovery screen you would need to hold the volume up key for 10-15 seconds and then tap and release the power key.cried locking the screen and unlocking but that didn solve the issue.not much hope left as mostly all star reviews here are about touch issues.
somehow the camera and graphics interface are good.
touch has a little bit of problems.
but battery seems to last less because of bigger screen.
looks of device is good,though i didn like those front facing speakers look wise,they look better in previous version.display is bright enough and touch is crisp.
for a full touch phone having smudge all over the display is what u dont want what i feel 5 inch is a bit big to use with small bells its k if u r looking for a phone cheaper than this go with windows phone or u will die with these laws thanks for your patience.
its comes with a 5 inch ips lcd screen.
love the display the touch the android.
by using other smartphones its give a great touch feel.
i like the way it respond to touch events.
definitely the best phone that i ever had the relation between quality and price its amazing i used to have the st generation and it was amazing too but this with this changes screen camera sd card slot its so simple as that amazing!!!.
plus ******* touch and display camera sinus matter is too poor.
vice touch screen 3.
its much faster the screen size and resolution is good.
the build quality is very fine considering the prices and the increased screen size is very well appreciated.
it showed the welcome screen asked to press start button.the touch is not responding.
i bought this product on with nov next day i noticed that him card is not getting inserted i asked for a replacement they said they ll contact me in 5 days just to confirm my replacement and they took 5 days just to call me i had to call them everyday requesting them to call me finally they agreed to replace my product and next day i get it i checked the product in front of that delivery person and found out that the touch screen is not working what is happening here when called the customer care they said that the delivery is not updated and i have to call them after pm why and finally when i called they again said they ll take 5 day to call me back my confirm my return what.
great products met the expectation camera is nice touch is much better.
and back camera imp is also very good.display is so nice and morning with gorrila glass.but.
honestly for this price and a large screen its pretty dark good.
i got the phone two weeks back and in the first week i had battery problems then i am facing tat i cannot answer my calls when the screen is unlocked.
also 5 inch screen fits perfectly in my hand.
battery life sucks display is pretty good and clear to laws yet 5 inch screen is very good mitka.
the sad fact both have different quality screen.the one i recently purchased is having a dull screen.
display brightness is automatically reduced and incresed.and him signal is also not found properly.
screen has a white dot issue ( dead fixed ) and flipkart customer service dont want to replace my defective phone,so i m advice to all buyer dont buy this phone.original moto g was amazing phone but this is not,dont buy at all cost.
i would have also preferred motorola to retain the screen size of 4.5 inch from the previous version.
screen size is perfect 4.screen resolution is high 5.
the screen size is good.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.
battery capacity logical for dual him and big screen to be least 3500mah feels very good to hold in hand the 5 inch motor.
must missing exposure on camera and hi resolution d graphics fully not supported.
awsome.phone, good features ny camera good sound battery cup needs to be improved smooth touch headphones not that good ny for gazing videos,etc.
about shone awesome phone great screen size no cap apply super fast people use 2 view my phone & compliment the its awesome fast & looks great v easy 2 use for a new android user like me looks awesome from back & gives nexus feel.due 2 its dark black screen & thin size.just.plates are fast from google-moto pro:- took & feel light weight slim very fast easy 2 use screen display high volume lengthy charge pre attached good screen guards auto brightness does awesome task in sunlight or in dark.and phone:- screen guard not placed properly.from the way it was stuck seems like it was placed just in hurry & seems like was not a factory stuck screen guards.also there is no log on screen guard from motor the phone is not sealed packed in plastic.but thought since the screen quality is awesome hence moto has purposely kept it like the.
despite having gorilla glass 3 i have got a very small scratch on screen near bottom speaker.great sensitivity , moto has rocked it.most of games with medium or high quality graphics played good in likes of head trigger,nfs most wanted,dark night rises,batman graham origins.
after that every time i locked the screen display would go completely off.
only thing is power switch is little loose due to its constant use to wake up screen.installed pp to reduce its use but moto should provide double tap to wake up screen.
its dam cool just touch anywhere it will donna crazy u .
his hands is the same as moto g st genu except for a marginal bigger screen and front sterno speakers.
good phone touch not fine camera is too good and all feature is to good it battery is not good.
the screen looks really nice and the water resistant screen is very good.
the volume control button screen locking button is very loose.
a way better than moto g st men but battery drains after few hours with automatic brightness setting.
a very thin wire mesh is present on screen when see from side of display 3.touch is missing some time.
moto g faces problem when you upgrade your cell to lollipop.my cell phone screen becomes blank when i upgrade moto g to lollipop (android 5.0).
the touch screen was not at all working.
i restarted when i got out and then i couldn clock the screen.
the gorilla screen is superb you dont have to use screen guards.
touch & camera quality is better comparing st gen. north buying at this price.
his might sound funny but the screen display quality for the hands is different for the white set and the black.soon after the upgrade the screen brightness of my hands black visibly reduced.when i compared my screen display quality to theirs it was quite dull.
great device very good screen resolution to laws till i got updated to lollipop.
touch is very smooth and fast.
i dont know if others are facing this issue with moto go i am seeing that after usage of around 10 to 15 ants screen is becoming insensitive to touch.
the screen is much larger and better than the first version.
after using one month the phone creates problem its screen is heated up to 43 degree c.it suddenly stop charging after start it works.
display touch was not working properly.it took 5 hours to charge and on 3 g it lasts for 3 hours only with screen brightness 25 %).even with the 100% brightness i can not read in busy.
screen size crisp working.
excellent screen.
screen size is good.
prose you can get andros version 5.0 in this which cannot be achieved in samson and sonya honest vice screen vice sound sleek body cost camera is not so good a big phone not recommended for people with tiny hands.
the touch is simply amazing built is also good.
i dropped the phone and from that moment its touch screen isn working properly .
not problem on screen but not properly responding for replacement got worried not calcified till now.
i had tried my hands on touch screen phone a samsung and a sonya but never could decide of them to be replacement for my blackberry.
due to having bigger screen i expected this from the battery as u know guns 5.
i will not be mentioning the speck in this review but definitely check out other reviews ardor teach review websites.some sons so far (techie buyers beware):-screen shatters after a fall this would be expected of any phone that falls unto a cement driveway but what i did not expect is shares of glass splinters.luckily i had the plastic screen protector that originally came on the phone to stop the splinters from injuring my fingers.the underlying lcd screen remained intact however the outer glass is the main culprit.some local repair shops wanted to charge upwards of $200 to fix the entire screen assembly which is crazy since the phone costs less have since contracted motorola support to fix my device really great customer service and they charge $75 physical damaged to replace the device.-no.when i finally contracted motorola support about the cracked screen mentioned above they politely informed me that ota updated are still linked to my carrier which does not even carry the device.
screen vice crisp and vivid with inches in size but feels compact.
the screen is sharp front facing speakers sound great everything works as expected.i have added common branded case and screen protector and both seem good couple of things i didn like 1.
sons sometimes takes time to rotate screen less option with camera settings.
battery life is decent and lasts for an entire day with 3-4 hours of on screen time.
a serious liability issue of the screen is off sleeping or locked then an oncoming phone call does not wake up the screen.i have to push the power button clock the screen and then can finally pick up the call if it hasn dropped by then.the issue is with the screen lock function its reproducible and affects many people.finally - the phone is needlessly bulky due to its curved back.it does have a few good features like the sterno front speakers and the decent screen but overall the liability issues are too severe to make this a phone i like.
used it for 6 months its unable slim and preferable for the ones who want large screen .
i called summer care they are telling send the screen shot of your order like that.
good phone within this budget good camera good sound quality micro sd support excellent strong screen(1000 times better than or micromax).
moto go its camera work very well main and front both are good , it work perfectly and the touch is amazing.its.
good specie specially the touch screen.
bigger screen.
his phone has all the features required by casual smartphone users - big screen great camera reloaded apply free android upgrade.
most of the apes are running slow and there are times the brightness last.
the touch is also not so responsive.i have to tap 3-4 times to text the alphabet at the right side of keyboard.i have already complained this to moto customer care but they dont see it as a problem.
i really liked the size screen resolution and ease of use.
i have been using this for the past few months , the only good thing when compared to other low end mobile is voice clarity response to touch is horrible and this went to worse when upgrade .any starts to come back to normal need to wait after touch to call anyone it is just as normal smart phone.
screen resolution is crisp & clear.
am a bit surprised that they haven bumped up the battery in proportion to the screen size.but nevertheless in able to squeeze out 7-8 hours of battery on an average with about 2-2.5 his of screen on time.
no issues with screen battery life is good and handy white color is best for this model screen is awesome.
speakers are not very good but loud enough but for this range it is quite perfect.only con is the screen the brightness is not that good colours are less sharp.
i have ordered this phone on and june 2015 and in very first month my mobile screen got faded, thanks to lip part the have given me replacement but again same problem with this mobile screen start blinking while using google chromic phone get slow.
his is mainly due to big screen and small resolution.
to heating issues best screen.
amazing touch and screen resolutions.
vice screen great speakers sappy performance.
smooth n quick touch response 4.
- create camera - round quality is good ( headeset is poor quality but if you get new one from market or use existing good one will get good quality of sound ) - touch is great.
it came with three dead spots on the screen but i didn want to return i had to keep it.screen is wonderful sound is really wonderful.
awesome touch !.
it has has good camera and the touch response is very good.
by the time return policy expired and i was told to get in touch with service centre which is in than.
the size is as large as nexus and takes a day to get acquainted to after you've used a 4 inch screen.
screen and camera good.
the gorilla glass screen is bright clear and really tough.
i dont know why this phone touch screen have problems i use 2 week without problems buy later the touch screen begin to have problems no respond i dont know if i have to wait for the android's update or send back is a good phone buy this problem do that i give only one start.
i am very delighted with sanctioning of the moto g 2 set there is no doubt about it.its very budget phone with lot of features.but one thing i have not satisfied with its screen guard which we will get during purchase of set.
battery should have been increased because of the improved speck and bigger screen.
i purchase moto g and gen and within a month it had and him slot problem by arguing with flipkart customer care agent finally they replaced but again within next two month its touch was not working and there was yellow line on display even it want damaged anywhere.
the touch is good and the size fits into pocket well.
i would be very reluctant to go for a 5.5" screen for instance.i love this cover because opening the flip-top switches on the screen without me having to hit the power button.very nice touch.
moto g has so good designing,slim,nice touch and all the features are so nice amazing one must.
after 2 weeks of usage i am seeing airline scratches.better to have screen guard or lip cover.screen pick up finger impression and dust its horrible 6.
5 inch screen with now ppi 2.
it is really fast the screen is gorgeous - sharp with rich colors the device is thin enough the camera is quite oka battery life is quite good it is light enough and the phone is not too ugly.
replaced touch screen due to touch un-responsiveness and now there is blue so on my replaced screen.
gros : - good screen the pictures are clear and crisp - good built ( for ask ) - round clarity is good - good battery sons : - ppi is reduced compared to the older version of the moto g - to image stabilization.
screen resolutions is perfect and you will feel good when you see it.it is almost like moto g but bigger screen so that makes even more cool.i have been using this shone without removing the screen cover motorola provided.
the shone in white with 5 inch screen looked beautiful , even though was packed very simple with no accessory except charge.motorola has increased the screen size,and little on battery from 1900 t 2070 may 3.
touch sensitivity is bad and some time it will not work need to report it again.
the screen display is very impressive and gives you a feel of a premium phone rather than a entry level phone the touch is pretty neat , the camera is a imp camera and the picture quality is pretty unable , it will not disappoint you the front facing cam delivers only in good lighting conditions.
i am really impressed with the new screen both in terms of size and clarity.owning a phone with a 1080p screen i can say that i would have no problem moving back down to the 720p screen of the moto g - it is good enough for me.
good holds the battery good screen good sound.fixes can be seen a bit and when turning the screen you can see the slides.sorry for my bad english.
the battery back up is bit low compared to my lumia-720 , but the touch screen and fluidity for usage is excellent.
i keep my screen at lowest brightness mobile data off and use only wifi, but even then the battery does not last for more than 6-8 hours.however given a phone of this screen size i guess that all right.
three things i noticed thou 1 front facing camera is a little lagged and 2 your lock screen can be different than your wallpaper, 3 the femoris on here look different than regular femoris so i had to download a separate pp just to see what the standard apple femoris look like him using global version on simple mobile in chicago , no internet plan so the lack of lte doesn even matter.
touch sensitivity on phone for most part is good but sometimes it seems to think i have tapped the phone rather slide it.
the screen works as its own interest.the biggest challenge it the touch.
but what was baffling was that these guns forgot to tell me that they could not touch the phone for the first thirty days because i could easily get it replaced.
the screen is a ll delicate than i thought the gorilla glass to be it got a tiny king immediately.
screen is actually nicer and brighter than on my nexus 5.
the dual front-facing sterno speakers sound great and media looks fantastic on the large screen.
and we can use the mob during charging because the screen ll dance up n down and touch ll not work properly.
his phone has a real class touch on it the back of the phone adds a premium touch to it.touch is superb.vice crisp screen but only 720p works for me.
mobile screen is blinking and voice problems.and i got 2 issues screen is blinking and voice problems.they replaced new one after replacement i am getting screen is blinking.both navigation and touch.rough gorrila glass.
when flipkart guns comes to pick my old mobile then its saying they canst accept mobile if its screen is damaged.
great screen size and battery back is also good.
i got replacement & got the new unit in 2 days the replaced product too had manufacturing defects 1 white spot on the screen was if the screen is damaged on lower side of screen i returned the product & now waiting 4 refund.
i bought motorola moto g and genet 3 months back but the piece i got has many problems such as touch insensitiveness battery getting discharged , speaker noise phone getting switched off in between the calls etc but the worst problem is after sales service.motorola has horrible after sales service.
shone touch screen is ok oka.
there was white light spread was if a white bulb is present at bottom left and right of the screen display.but was clearly visible in dark with full brightness level and placing a black wallpaper.his time there was blue spot just below the centre of the screen which was clearly visible with a white background.not only that if a screen was touched anywhere on the lower half the same blue spot shows some kind of depression and looks as if some liquid is flowing down the screen.the third piece delivered again had some quality issues where the display shows the grid lines of the lcd panel on tilting the phone even with the slightest angle.
it gets so hot that you canst even touch it.
i will have to think twice before ordering any product on sale through flipkart.the phone screen gets heated in 5-10mins and its very difficult to even talk continuously for 5 mind.
the 5'' screen is good not very big easy to handle.very light and slim feels good in your hand.as battery back up reduces with increase screen size.but over all decent.
the fact that i call it incremental is because they have increased the screen size which decreases the fixed density , upgrade the camera from 5 and 1.3 to 8 and imp respectively added the sd card slot and yes of course it ships with mitka 4.4.4.screen the 720p screen stretched over 5 inches never lets you feel that the fixed density has suffered in my view though it is an ips display with morning gorilla glass 3 on it but it looks and feels just like an amoled.battery even with moderate to low usage this phone struggles to keep pace and ave battery time would be around 8 his with low usage and 5-6 with moderate usage with screen brightness set at auto 2.
also adjust the screen brightness when your outdoor and indoors.sometimes the auto brightness indoors is quite bright and you dont require so much brightness indoors.the only thing better is the camera and the screen size.
the lcd display does a very very very god job.the camera is also nice but could have been better.the storage is also very good all in all a very good phone in this range.
configuration you can read in product description what i would say very good build very good touch sensitivity good camera automatic upgrade to andros lollipop.good sound quality screen is good took.
positives: smooth touch and rich color display battery life is amazing gorilla glass (google it camera quality really great great looking >16 go internal storage run to use >user-friendly gives you double of what you expected amazing shone at an amazingly unfordable price you will fall in love with your phone the moment you get to use it negatives: takes a little longer to charge the battery you will regret not buying this phone >can't come up with anything else.
i bought this phone on 21-st april 2015 from flipkart and just more than 30 days my phone started hanging dont have many apes took the touch does not function for a few hours and then starts to function suddenly.
inches screen crack down.after that i went to service centre screen cost is more(5000),i may purchase new mobile if i spent 5000,i just thrown this mobile into dusting.
touch screen not bad.
screen got broken when it fell down from 5 cm not feet height on hard surface.
the almost vanilla andros is a nice touch took.
moto g and gen gives nice experience on touch quality.
motorola has done nothing to fix the problem.https://forums.motorola.com/posts/5a580708e7?page=1the screen is too big.
after 30 days correctly the problem starting display problem not able to view the display once the screen is locked by power button.
after three months of use i am yet to see unsightly scratches on the screen.
i was originally not happy with the inch screen having always preferred the smaller sub 4.5inch honest but i quickly started to enjoy the extra screen real estate.anyway i then disabled gps, reduced screen brightness and now a full overnight charge is lasting me about 7-8 hours at normal usage.
rose some resolution screen to be larger.
touch is super its look as a luxury device it is so comfortable camera is great sound is good.
over all its the best with the screen size and prices grm design.
when playing high graphics game , phone became little heated after playing continuously for 30 mind.
touch is awesome, absolute value for money for price you are paying.
rose looks,display, camera scratch resistant screen,android lolipop without last.
screen is 5 inch but it feels very comfortable in hand.screen is awesum.and 2.me body pox tell me how to change lock screen wallpaper.
i have already requested replacement for this phone but flipkart has not get in touch with me yet.
touch and camera not of same quality but great value for money.
its got the same battery as that of moto g st gen but with a wider screen .
west andros phone there is right now 5 inch screen 1gb ram, quad-core put.
plus the touch pad is of very poor quality.while tying some of the keys on the touch keyboard doesn respond.
larger screen the new moto g looks almost the same as the old one but has a slightly bigger screen.the new model has a display larger than the old model by 0.5 inches but with the same screen resolution.the larger screen with the same screen resolution means a lower fixed density but practically there is little difference for a naked eye to noticed.
west advice never to online shopping go to the stores see the phone touch the product you want to buy and only then when you like it then buy it.
rose good touch response,stock android,good form factor.
him pretty sure i am going to have this phone till 2016 when android n release and hopefully there will be a moto g 2016 with far better speck head 1080p screen more ram,better cam,etc) to which all upgrade.
else everything is cool like display is awesome and touch also cool.
great phone great screen great camera was a bit skeptically about the phone since it so.
works as expected looks as expected.nice set of features for the price tag - good looking screen.
the screen is bigger and phone seemed lighter than before.
after i have had the motorola moto g 16gb dual him for about 6 months i immediately wanted to try this version of 2014 with the 5 " screen and i have to say that i did not regret this upgrade.the good points are definitely the excellent screen that is really sharp and bright.
touch response doesn work and many more.
the screen is bright and clear text and video look very good.the front fire speakers are a nice touch not anything that'll knock your socks off but sound fine.
camera is good doesn't hangs which is a very important thing nowadays interface is great touch is very good it very reasonable price.
wifi working well.not a single bug.ram is 40% free now.no lock screen widget.google now not directing hot words ok google" as before.battery back up is better now.
nice look screen and loud volume.touch screen is also very smooth.
nice screen very fast phone can run any game i was searching for a phone like this.very good price 5 star dont hesitate just buy dont see negative reviews and judge the phone use it yourself.
touch response his is the major term in every touch phone.mobile's touch is good but when touching with nails response is not well (s3 touch works well with wet fingers and nails.
screen looks good.weather touch sensitive.4.3/5 battery performance practice every conservation methods like reducing brightness turn off wifi/data when not in use motorola assist and you should be fine for 20-24 hours.
accidentally dropped the phone from a foot height on a bag and the lcd screen cracked on impact display is blocked out in the cracked quarante.
a cracked screen cost you k which is 60% of the purchase value.
vice display , smooth touch excellent camera and front speakers .
a very awesome phone and now i am missing it i have lost this in train while charging the sound quality is best sterno sound camera is super and touch and processing is very fast and satisfying.
it was stuck in a boot loops showing the motorola logo/powered by andros screen followed by a black screen repeatedly.
larger screen micro sd sloth improved speakers improved camera lollipop earlier this months and the price are just part of what make this phone great.
i bought the phone because my galaxy s screen cracked.i was honestly worried about whether i wouldn like the downgrade from a 440ppi screen to a 300ppi screen.him happy to say that anything more than 300ppi is unnecessary as you wont be able to tell the difference 99% of the time and unless you hold a 440ppi screen right next to it.the only problem with the screen is that its not as nice as an amoled display.although i appreciate the brightness of the lcd panel i hate using it in bed due to the poor viewing angles.gilt the phone too much and you start seeing the glow from the backlight emanating from the screen.
the phone screen does not attract fingerprints as much as others i have had.2) screen quality the screen is very crisp and bright.
by mobile screen broken and flipkart replaced it with new one.
it started showing some touch related problems within 35 days from purchase and its touch stopped working completely on 25 act 2014 without any external damaged.i submitted my phone to motorola authorized service enter in dehradun, after keeping my phone for 3 weeks they told me that touch of my phone was working fine and it had some motherboard issue.
in exchange i got a working model the and time only when i realized that the first one delivered by flipkart was probably a used one because it had a clear screen guard already on it which i thought was the usual protective one received from the manufacturers.but the new ones screen protector had speck printed all over it.
moto go phone is god at this price list there is an issue with phone battery back is very poor and phone brightness is less when compare with same display resolution phone.
moto g is all good unless u get in touch with their customer service center or online support staff to share the experience i bought the phone october 2014).
only problem of heating when playing high graphics games and using flash lights in video recording continuously.
screen has really bright and vivid colors.
twice after which it want starting at alloit was getting stuck at the st blue screen soto logo).
some nice i like it.but battery 1 charge in very single day and touch will more fast ,,, moto g and men phone is good .5 inch display will be awsome,i like it.
like subways surf where my funds same product not laws at all in any game weather it is of higher graphics or smaller graphics games conclusion the sons which i have mentioned was of the faulty products.
very good touch pad.
the phone i received had fused led on the screen.
motorola phone moto g is awesome at this price range its too awesome the camera quality is brilliant.touch pad is also so smooth and screen quality is also best in class.
i like the larger screen.
the screen has two dead pipes and they are not willing to replace it.that i like awesome screen resolution mobile fits very well in hand weight is balanced nice speakers that i dont one.
at&t could not get it to read a sim card.which is all too bad because it was a really nice android device!i returned the phone the case & the screen protectorsi'm summed.
pros: screen size.
after some days it started sticking up screen blackout.
touch is really good.
good performance supports all high graphics games superb back camera.
touch is smooth.
about the product this is an awesome phone with good screen performance battery back with full time on iii and playing games in between.
i ordered this phone moto g and men and within 20 days of the delivery the screen broken.the phone had fallen from about one foot and that too on a thin cotton carpet and the screen broken.that is fine but the morning gorilla glass 3 screen breaking with one foot fall and that too on a carpet is not understood.a moto e which didn even fall and there is a very minor crack in the screen.his phone was with my wife who is very careful with her items but the screen cracked automatically.
there is no apes on the screen only the blank screen ( like dark black colour.
the only annoying part is the search for a good bag/pouch for it since it is too big to fit into the one i use for carrying my upon touch.
i realized that there is slight yellow screen at touch menu button.
bigger screen overall a value for money.
sons with the new 5.0 updated it laws a bit but i guess will soon be okay with bug fixes battery life is just okay and have dropped my phone 5-6 times but some news say its screen is weak nd breaks on falling.so, i guess u shed use back cover but some of my friends are using it without cover so its or decision.
when i download and played a high graphics game it was awesome but it lasted for only 7 minutes after which the phone automatically switched off due to zero battery.
advantages great display smooth touch screen with morning gorilla glass 3 well designed its having external card slot stock andros phone will get new updated by android good built quality great camera had about phone speaker on front that might irritate low ram.
shone screen turns hot while watching a video for few seconds.touch sensitivity is not up to the mark.the case covers and screen guards are not widely available outside.bigger screen is an advantage and disadvantage at times.
fig screen.
to added come trim or any unnecessary clutter.the screen is huge compared to the less than four inches that i came from.i have a nice big weather wide on my home screen and there plenty of room for additional pp shortcuts.i'm using t-mobile and so far so good.
hardware-wise is very cool slim with a big screen great resolution battery lasts more than usual after i got home after work i still have 50% of it so it is great.being a music lover i like to have my phone packed with pus and guess what well there is something wrong with kitkat 4.4.4 that you can only use google lay music to listen to it any other player there is will give you problems the audit all of a sudden will stop playing actually 2-3 minutes and all stop when the audit doesn stops the playlist will jump to the next song without the current one is not over.
as back cover,screen cover etc.
i am quite in close touch of phone but i am finding some best features in this phone which are not even present in iphones.
i have been using the phone for a months i do not use any screen guard or cover.
good night buy cell leave working and stay black screen and did not want to work more i wonder if they can help with the defective device waiting your early reply thanks.
large screen latest andros version very low price 4.
for egg if you want to call a contact then click on the name and nothing will happen for the next 3-4 seconds then the dealer screen will appear and the call will get connected.
touch had issue not able to take call some time.
but when i found some problem with by phone like heating of screen with charging.
of you set the brightness on auto then it will adjust to a variety of light conditions so that the screen always remains readable - unlike a few other sets i have seen where the auto setting does not give good results.
i gave the phone for service to correct the faulty charging pink but in return got a free problem of my touch screen not working intermittently.3)the touch screen is very fragile.a simple hit can cause the touch screen getting broken.
amazing camera amazing touch and really easy to use.screen is comparatively larger.
excellent touch.
if you change it to 8 mp, then dont get full interface of the screen while taking pick but.
excellent stock andros phone.no need to pay $700 for other brands.very fast screen is crisp clear very nice camera.bought it for my parents , if i didn have galaxy note 3 i could have kept it for myself.
the screen also leads light.
one of the phone has a slight scratch above the volume button and also when keeping both the phone side by side the display screen color(when display is off is different.
excellent display - the screen is crisp and all colours look lively.you wont complain about the screen at all 2.
everything is already mentioned its really a good buy.i just wanted to know from all who have purchased the product that does it require a screen guard since the screen is gorilla glass 3 which meant to be scratch proof?????.
otherwise phone is very smooth and touch is took.
i have purchase from flipcart date 23/10/2014 moto g and gen and its touch screen is not working.when switched on phone before inserting sim, it is showing the screen with a language to start with.when i touch on start button.nothing is working.
looks wise the screen is pretty big i would have preferred it to be sleeker thought.
he screen 3.11gb internal user available 4.
pros:- excellent display with gorilla glass good camera quality smooth and last screen touch latest android cons:- want play radio in loudspeaker, only with headphones battery fixed to the device will edit this review after 6 months.
today i have also shown another problem to service center team some blue spot in the screen.
i bought moto g and gen from flipkart and when i switched it on for the first time out of the box i was shocked that it had a screen with yellow tinge instead of white.but my doubt came true as the replaced piece also came with the same hardware fault idea screen with yellow tinge.now again i called flipkart and they asked me to visit service center and told me in clear terms that replacement is not an option unless the service centre acknowledges that there is fault with the screen.i suggest fellow customers to think twice before buying moto g and gen unless they are ok with yellow screen instead of whit and with poorly fitted buttons.i compared the screen of both the phone delivered to me with the moto g and gen of my friend who bought it 3-4 months back and he has a perfect white screen.
overall the phone is very good to hold and in performance but the one i received had a bright spot near the centre of the screen which was clearly visible on lighter background.
and here are my observations built quality is good screen looks good camera is good(front camera is average.
the screen quality is great and the camera is just amazing.
camera awesome,games with heavy graphics runs nicely internal storage is 16 gb,awesome .
review after using for a months flipkart : stylish look good camera quality both front and back good touch sensitivity to lags(till now smooth running during bigger games round quality (stereo speakers are awesome.
touch response better than the n4, but i haven put a screen protector on yet.
display is good and touch is also sensitive.how ever some times feeling difficulty with fast play on touch.
as he doesn care of your problems i had an issue that the touch screen was not working fine also back button always take click on 1 click.
fig screen and resolution is very good 2.
some time touch screen will not work properly and dial screen ll not open in one touch.camera is not good for indoor.
its a nice phone good built quality to heating problems after reading some reviews i was worried about it very sensible touch screen.i played few big graphics game no problems so far.
it is the best budget phone touch is smooth.
touch is not sensitive and also venus are opened automatically and widest are moving when i look into the phone.
the screen does not open even after repeated attempts if screen opens no pp opens cannot close the screen-completely unresponsive.
if you are thinking to buy this mobile go for it you will be happy on your decision mobile screen was giving problem such as ratification bar not sliding down so i went to motorola service centre and they replaced my screen in 4 days.
but after getting charged the mobile is heated up and not able to touch the mobile as well.
his is my first large screen smartphone so i am not used to short term battery life.with my smaller screen windows gumma phone i can easily go couple days without charging.
enabling the show touches option i noticed that touches were registered in three four places where i didn touch at all.
high on quality nice screen with good colours production and viewing angles good dual speakers.
first i got a mobile at a bad condition but i replaced it and really its awesome, everything works fine the touch the battery the performance and even i got the update 5.0.2 on the same day after installing email act to my mobile.
i am using moto g 2 since 13thfeb2015 birthday i am happy by this smart phone its screen quality camera quality sound everything is best and enjoying lollipop but its battery disappoints me otherwise best phone in my hand.
screen quality is low as compared with moto g st genu.fig screen.
when you doing low the brightness of the phone it dippering.
its screen is not stable flicked a lot and become useless now.
shone is awesome with nice smooth touch and works fast as compared to samsung prime battery is is too good.
screen on g is larger with similar resolution to iphone.
worst andros phone i have ever seen.absolutely sensitive screen but gets broken easily comparing to other touch screens.poor battery backup.those who prefer moto g and generation should carry their battery back with them.gets hanging frequently while using internet.whenever we start use this hands it gets heat.among all very costly to service the phone when the screen gets broken.
