NEG go for it.amazing experience.very good at performance and processing.camera is good.supports otg cable for mouse keyboard and pen drive.
NEG sons * there is no usb cable.* quality of headset is average.
NEG performance is also very good well design and accurate delivery by lip part headphone sound was average.hd recording is good and camera is effective on dark room no light at 3.5 peter only and picture is good on mobile flash light.headphone wired is not too good.file manager not found on 4.4.4.
NEG it feels like using a tablet to call and i have to use a hands free set as an option even when they dont came in the box another minus is the absence of usb cable for charging because i work all day on a computer and we have few plugs in the officer.
POS fire of the charger is long enough and the quality of camera and headphones are also best eye bye samsung and foka.
NEG it had all the mentioned accessories like charge headset, warranty cards manual.
NEG the only thing missing is the data cable which we need to purchase separately.
NEG the accessory headphone will stop working if not handled with care.
NEG coming to the phone,it has many issues.the battery is very weak,the ear piece produces a cracking sound during calls,the mobile and the charger heat a lot,the mobile takes nearly 4 his to charge,the volume and power buttons are very loose,the ear phone provided is a piece of crap,the touch is not responsive,we can feel the issue with touch screen when we are tying a message(you can test the touch screen issue by keeping your mobile on a flat surface and then type some letters or numbers and try meeting them one by newby continuously pressing the delete key.
NEG i ordered a motor which got damaged in charger port.second time i replaced cell were i faced the same problem.so buyers do not buy moto go and do not shop any products from flipkart.
NEG 4)during charging of this mobile the charger and mobile both are overheating.
NEG charger is too slow takes approve 2.5 to 3 he to charge from 15% to 100%.
NEG i had to use headphone to complete my 30 mind office call 2.
NEG many people say its charger is not heated during charging.
NEG pathetic least reduce the size of charger & make it usb cum charger for better effectiveness screen guard missing in the box now a days mobile worth k & above provides 2 screen guard & usb kit along.
NEG only one drawback battery charger given by motorola is not good does not fix to socket properly i tried all types of sockets but it dose not fix properly.
NEG 3 hours for charging and cheap quality head phones,charger,battery drying very fast every 10 mint 1 percent battery increasing in standby.we should use tireless headset.
NEG charger is worst.it takes nearly 5-6 hours for charging the phone(4/10) cheap gorilla glass.
NEG would have had a better headphone with the device as the default one doesn have much effect.
NEG regarding the battery i think it is excellent with prolonging cell lasts me 8-9 hours for example every day i get up at 7 and discontent the phone from the charger immediately and lasts me until 8-9 night if you want to know an example right now is 8:34 and my battery percentage is 26%.
NEG i even tried another charger but nothing am so disappointed.
POS sound (speaker)- excellent sound(headphone)- average camera (primary)- very good camera(front)- excellent internet & apps- very good display and view- excellent video - excellent documents -very good battery - very good touch- good sensor - very excellent overall the motorola device is a complete smartphone surprisingly in just 12999/-.
NEG charger is red hot within 5 minutes of charging and is not charging even with usual pace.
NEG i suggest motorola should also provide a usb charger instead of direct attached cable so we can charge it from laptop.
NEG the charger is getting so heated when mobile is charged through that.my.friends charger is not working right now.make sure to buy a quality products.
NEG the charger is a single piece which i didn like unlike the us to micro us connection types.
NEG another thing which i didn like is that moto g hasn come with a usb cable.the phone isn getting overheard and not is the charger for now.
NEG lot of time to charge the battery may be because of charger issues.
NEG even if you manage to somehow adjust it to work just touch the pin or even the cable and bam!!!.
NEG absence of us cable is such a dissapointment.
NEG wont forget to take your charger with you might even want to get a second one.i did appreciate the battery charger being included in the box and not just a usb connector.
NEG charging using the moto g charger takes a long 3 his to charge.however replacing it with a fast charger reduces this time to 1.5 - 2 his.
NEG no separate usb cable.
NEG the other which i could highlight is it dint come with a data cable but that something i think we can live with.
NEG i got moto g and men 3 days back (27th oct 2014 evening i like to inform you that i got a faulty headphone.one side of the headphone is not working at all.
NEG please let me know how to copy stuff from my c to shone i attached data cable and tried to copy songs to phone but it can.
NEG to usb cable.
NEG i got the all accessories except hands with battery.is data cable would come with moto g(2nd men mobile.
NEG charger is not in working condition but fpk(flipkart) gave me refund for that charge.
NEG by moto g and men set is a black colour but i received white colour of charger & head phone i am surprised & didn expect these type of service from flipkart.
NEG mobile was good and but charger is wasted in a month and also charge capacity is very less compared to other moblies.
NEG keyboard will be visible and invisible alternate itself at a time entering any values in mobile come browser/any from mobile keyboard of we are talking on phone with someone after some display light will off but not will on itself if u want to see call times again during call-sensor issue telephone box was not sealed unable to receive call via headphone and radio will start when i pick call through mobile if i used headphone for talking after sometime call will discontent itself.
NEG from display to battery wife to mobile data every thing is perfect only regret is better quality headphones and absence of data cable from manufacturers.
NEG charger: the wall charger provided is just 550ma which takes ages to charge the phone.
POS but when captivating the speakers or using a headphone i can hear the other side.
NEG moto offers a charger and the ear piece with this phone,but they are not as class as the phone charger cable can be separated,and the headphone perform really poor.
NEG it would have been better if the charger be a usb charging cable.
NEG the only thing that they can improve is including a headset and a us cable.
NEG accessories are damn cheap next charger - rs.350, earphones - rs.250) sons 1.
NEG it took over 3.5 hours to go from 30% to 100%, and also the charger that comes with the kit heat up quite a bit during the charging process.
NEG now 5 months over my charger not working suddenly and i have to find service centre for replacement.
NEG to get good charger.
POS well i am using the phone for almost a month now and what i should say about this phone well first of all it had plenty of room for improvement one is the charger has a fixed cable another is sorting in the settings pp is missing,the screen is a little hard to read in direct sunlight but clarity and viewing angles are otherwise good.
NEG charger is not working and there was some issue in mobile.but they didn replaces the charger yet almost one month is over.
NEG i guess that selling this excellent phone at this low price does not allow to ship it with any headset.
NEG headset doesn work.charger overhearing.
NEG display screen is good charger is very long time charging my phone.
NEG also i have read reviews of many people complaining about the charger that heat up while charging.
NEG supplied accessories are rubbish but they should have made the charger detachable it is fixed means no usb cable supplied you have to buy or use old spare ones.
NEG there is no data cable in the box.the charger plug pin are not as indian standard and you will face loose fitting during charging.
NEG to data cable.charger is not usb detachable.charger heat a bit.
NEG the charger aunt detachable.
NEG with this phone you get 0.5a charger which takes 6-8 his to fully charge the phone.
NEG no us cable flipkart super fast awesome service.
NEG super mobile i like this very much but charger is too much heat while charge it up it is andros 5.0.2 loolipop its very nice.
NEG even happening without a headset when playing on speaker.
NEG the phone is fast to surf with the normal stuff like facebook, youtube, goose news twitter and credit all work as fast as my cable modern.
NEG nothing to say more about its features as already several hundreds of posts are displayed but i would like to comment that if this mobile would have come with a data cable then it could be ultimate.
POS cross dual sim, 1gb ram, excellent camera good screen quiet fast battery lockup and overall super configuration bones to data cable provided excellent configuration phone without a data cable.
NEG to data cable provided with accessories.
NEG his cell comes with charger only no us cable(for pc), no headphones.
NEG -charger provided is a 550ma charger that wont be able to charge the device faster.to us data cable.the charger provided does not come with detachable us cable the headsets provided are decent.
NEG but i request motorolla to do some modification in its charger which is quite loose and usually get out of the plug very easily.
NEG very poor quality by motorola in this range battery is not good also charger get defect with in 1 months.
NEG only headphone is bit low quality.i think motorola have to give a quality headset with this beast.
POS handy(perfect size sex good camera quality good audit quality very nice and sensitive touch good user interface ave battery back up very bad headphones means that are too ordinary and a good charger but the phone gets charge very slow approve 3 his to get full charged.
NEG taking much time for full charging and charger itself got heated and 4.to data cable in package.
POS phone is good but should have a us cable and good headset kindly improve the battery otherwise its awesome phone.
NEG charger is having fixed attached cable instead of usb ports i had to buy a separate cable to let it charge from my laptop.take it you can buy some good earphones and charging cable to make it perfect.
NEG connector : the charger does not include the connector.
NEG starting automatically low quality mobile and charger is not good.
NEG the only con is that the charger is sub-standard.the charger gets heated will charging.
NEG however we found provided headset is unable to be inserted into 3.5 mm audit jack.
NEG the phone is great however my headphone jack does not work.will update rating if headphone jack on new phone works.
NEG everything works lawless , with the latest lollipop pros camera 9/10 looks 11/10 speakers 8/10 display 10/10 front cam 9/10 sons 0 sons they could have gave a us cable except that its very good.
NEG charger is not so good for fast charge.
NEG have bought this mobile a week back.the charger is useless.it discharges the battery instead of charging it.when.
NEG by charger point was broken no service warranty covers that.
NEG the camera is super awesome and so is the display it had lollipop version pre installed while the description said it had kitkat.the sound quality want up to the mark and the phone doesn have a pre installed file manager.usb cable isn included in the product.sometimes the phone laws when the music player is on the screen is rotated.overall its a nice phone.
NEG the charger sometimes get hot in some particular charging points not at all charging points though the phone doesn get hot.
NEG when i put charger on my phone touch screen not working and it report again and again and front camera not working.
NEG i can carry a spare charger for it.using a cable directly attached to the usb port on motherboard and not* to a usb hubs.
NEG are cheap quality for ask phone consists of only charger not usb.i.
POS good camera good sound good display stock andros experience good battery back headset quality is not good.
NEG charger received with this phone is very slow.
NEG >awesome camera both front n back consul battery is not removable earphone & charger are not of good quality.
NEG company dont provide with data cable.
POS ports a come design and a crisp inch display.
NEG i am not sure whether this issue is because of the stock charger or with the battery but i am strongly request flipkart to do something in this regard as the features of this outstanding phone should not fade away in lime light because of the battery back up.
NEG the second negative is the time it takes to charge this phone with the charger they have given.
NEG the charger gets heated up quickly.alos it takes lot of time get charged.please tell how to replace my charger for moto g 2.
NEG too expensive for college student who dint do jobs and phone is nice very good delivery by flipkart must give confession on online payments at least 20% discount from si debit cards phone is nice but burst out when cable of do connected to the phone so make it like it can be connected to do , reduce the cost as much as possible !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
NEG accessories included charger and earphones.
NEG speakers the headset is not up to the mark even the loud speakers are very bad.
NEG for a ask phone no data cable.
NEG no us cable provided so u need to buy 1 rear cam is nice but front cam didn impress me after using nexus.
NEG headphone quality is not good.
POS you must carry charger of the phone with you every time.
NEG the sons the headphone provided is not that good not happy with it the battery should have been a little more accessories such as us cable not provided.
NEG and about the battery of u r using wife then one full charge will give u around 22-24hrs wid some internet usage and songs and some games ( its solely depends upon the user and how he uses i dint use wife ) to 1 thing i didn ly was the charger and ear phone daisy i giving 4 star rating to moto g the charger becomes hot ly hell when we charge the phone for 1 he i m using nokia charger which works alright .
NEG i beams by charger has stopped working and now it is not charging my mobile phone.
NEG provided charger along with the mobile is not good.of i use any other charger to charge my mobile set that perfectly charging the device.
NEG the charger which came with the phone is not working and its only two month old and its damaged so i want it to be replaced.
NEG the charger that comes with it is ridiculous how can you have a non-removable data cable charge.
NEG it lasts little less than a day with moderate use - the headset quality looks cheap and fragile.
POS handset was well packed with a charger and handset.
NEG charger does not come with detachable usb cable 3.usb cable not provided in the kit.
NEG in this way for 2 hours we will lose all the charging so as to continue we need to plug in charger all the time.sometimes even phone slow down or hang or apes stop responding may be heavy use of !.
NEG all are good except battery and data cable.don't expect data cable with this mobile as the company is not providing the same with this phone.
NEG they also kept my defective charger on the pretext of replacing it on 28feb2015.
NEG only charger cable is not detachble.you cannot use as usb data cable you have to purchase it separately.
NEG no usb charger cable.
NEG i really like it.worthy of money.but not providing data cable.
NEG the only problem is while calling on facebook messenger or whatsapp, a slight echo is created due to the location of the microphone(near the top speaker use headset for while calling on anything other than the phone pp.
NEG first off the charger is a major improvement than what was being shipped with the moto g so buds on that.
NEG to we need to purchase separate usb cable to connect to pc??.i dont see an option to remove the other end of charger cable that came along with the set.
NEG very good phone , the trouble is that the charger does not last even one year of use and the cable are damaged.
NEG purchased mogo g received without earphones, charger.
NEG to data cable in accessories( i didn noticed before ) so now i have to buy a data cable.
NEG also there is no usb cable provided alongwith the phone for data transfer.
NEG the charger gets heated soon 3 too long charging time.
NEG charger gets headed.
NEG i very excited after receiving the moto g awesom mobile but one disappointment was charger not working and i expected usb cable in the box no us cable and charge not working.
NEG not the delivery before the due date good service flipkart now about the phone screen is great voice is clear but the battery back is not up to the mark took wise good phone but bit body type overall its good having this set m disappointed with the accessories i got in the box headphone is really bad charger is so slow that it charges 10 to 100 in 4 hours other side i ordered the black phone and got the white charger and the headphones.
NEG rico sdcont: on removable battery to included headset.
NEG i wish the in-box accessories also contained a data cable with usb charging adapted instead of just a single piece of charge.
NEG only problem is battery back and moto g providing very poor quality headphone with mobile.
POS excellent feeling to have a smart phone in our hands,and this motor has fulfilled all requirements ear piece is very poor charger is very very poor.
NEG headphone sound is poor.
NEG regarding charge it would've been better had they also given the usb charger in addition to the electric one.
NEG to usb cable with the phone.
NEG there is no usb data cable.headphone is worst and china brand.charger is ok.
POS i found the product really good her smooth phone with full customer satisfaction within the budget giving you full andros experience nd also loved the camera quality with primary and secondary it only one drawback is charger its very slow.rest everything is good keep it motorolla.
POS headphones and charger could develop that quality overall good for beginners in andros and mid range users under 15 k.
POS studio clarity on headphone not so great .
NEG and at filpkart really express delivery with on time updated from the time we book till the item was received god packing working in perfect condition just feel the the headset of moto can be better but we can expect more the this with this price really a god mobile for any kind of users.
NEG shone is decent fast no last battery lasts about a day with medium usage just makes through overall a good phone nice phone really nice but how much did motorola save by not providing the data cable.
NEG it is good phone but charger is not good.
NEG i have purchased moto g from here and the charger was not supporting the phone.
POS but while charging charger gets heated up.
NEG first day charging with the charger it came with took forever ( really long .
NEG no data cable.charger getting so heat.
NEG sound quality is some noisy in earned in moto headset.
NEG to data cable 4.
NEG the only con i found is the charger is of low power but u can have high power charger from market and get rapid charging.
NEG its a baritone smartphone that works welldoes not with a usb cable.
NEG i got electric shock from the speaker when connected to my lawton via usb cable.when i plug the headphone during call the phone puts the call on loudspeaker automatically.
NEG almost every morning i find phone switched off else i need to connect it to charger before going to sleep and wake up midnight to detach charger!).
NEG sons accessories not good bad ear phone battery charging take 3-4 hour to full charge charger is 550 my should 1 a battery should be 3000 may to data cable.
POS the charger is just a beauty.
NEG the charger of moto g and gen heat up too much during charging.
NEG to data cable provided with the phone.
NEG no issue with charger heating nor wid battery as said by some user.
NEG the moto charger also heat up and so have been using my samson charger for overnight charges because him paranoid).
POS but headset is malfunctioning with in 4 months.
NEG charger supplied is very poor quality , only 550ma.
NEG the only thing i hate about this phone is that motorola does not provide usb cable along with this phone.
NEG moto g had a small (6-8") data cable but and men has none guess its cost cutting measure 4.
NEG and also there is no data cable is given.
NEG right side of the headphone not working properly.i think that the headphone is a damaged piece.
NEG to usb cable only 550ma charging rate.i still use my defy plus charger which is much better - has a detachable usb cable and 850ma charging rate.however they should have at least put a bigger battery and bundles a decent charger with a detachable usb cable.
NEG first thankssecond for phone is okaybut i dont know why phone without headphone him sad for this)because every phone should have headphone.
POS his phone is outstanding in peroformance.it does not lag at all.processor speed is mindblowing.camera is outstanding have no words to describes its sharpness at this price point.front facing cam is very good for selfie.runs every pp smoother as it says.the now factor of this phone is its speakers one word only holly shit.the only drawback is its headphone its of cheap quality it should have being least decent quality.thats it so my review is go for it if u are looking for low budget smartphone having higher specs.
NEG one biggest con is that there is no usb cable provided with the products.
NEG (u can get a otg from any phone shop at 50-60 bucks battery and connectivity the new moto g is furnished with the regular conductivity features like 3g, dual sim shots wi-fi, bluetooth, gps and usb ports.charger is poor takes too much to charge phone.
POS but headset is same for all moto devices that is draw back for this one.
NEG battery is ok.but it needs improvement (backup wise usb cable should be provided.other wise we have to depend on other sources again which is not good for your products.
NEG why the data cable has not supplied, i could not understood.
POS all have to carry the charger along with me all the time.
NEG charger when you touch the end of charger for connecting the phone you will find in a curved surface indicating the bigger and smaller ending need for inspecting the end before application if you use to it cost battery is not as expected as i was using lot of apply.
NEG the charger gets heated very soon even when used for just 10 to 15 minutes.
NEG the packing comes very simple & there no data cable which is a big negative point if you dont have any lying around i already had 2-3 so no worries there the headphones provided inside are very basic variety you would do better to buy a good one separately i use effusion twinwoofers with poweramp so music listening is awesome.
NEG after 1 month of use the phone is not charging with the charger which came along with the phone but charges with other similar charges but charging is really very slow.
NEG by biggest disappointments are the following - phone gets heated up while on call - the fitting of the charger into the oh port is extremely tight(everytime you try plugging the battery you fear if you'll screw up the ports - battery is of poor quality takes long to charge - camera is obviously better on this one by motorola standards but still not much compared to other bands.
NEG during charging the charger heat up like one has kept it on a gas stove!!!.the charger is still heating up thought update after a week of using the replaced hands - the battery is very bad.
NEG i completely satisfied with the phone but the charger & hand free does not carried quality.
NEG not detachable charging-data cable.
NEG -otg helps a lot to watch your favourite moves by connecting your pen drive directly to your phone via otg cable.
NEG to headphone or anything else.
NEG was quite dissatisfied with the accessories for i received white colour normal speaker for a 13,000 worth products and white charger for my black mob and usb was not included.
POS please provide nice earphones, and charger shone is superb.
NEG i use battery full dry after that i put the charger mobile ll not on.
NEG charger gone i had bought my moto go on with oct.within 2 months my charger lost its life.
NEG but if you are not a heavy user you need not worry must go for it > the supplied headset could have been better and data cable is missing price has no effect on the accessories supplied.
NEG charger getting more heat while doing charging.and head phone are not good.
POS nd introduction of us wire charger is really cool with two phone charging simultaneously .
NEG evident most putting thankful with accessories only pathetic headphones along with pathetic charger to usb data cable provided.
NEG because i got it with just a plastic seal.its screen guard to had bubbles second thing i noticed was the phone equalizer were set both in headset and speaker mode.is it the same with your devices by moto g and genus upper speaker has some problems.
NEG i bought this phone very recently and was disappointed to find that it didn come with an usb cable and the supplied handsfree really hurts my ears after 5 mind of use.
NEG but pain no hoy ne ports to j va moto foot levayi.
NEG there are some drawback which are as follows the charger and the phone itself becomes very hot while charging.there is no us cable in the box.
NEG but charger is not good and its getting heated up.
NEG moto service is not good moto should provide a good charger charging is very slow cell is best at its price range.
NEG also the charger is like first gen and still there is no usb chord.
NEG touch is not good and its not working some times calls are automatically hang up oncoming callers hearing their voice 2 times battery is not good other applications are opening automatically,sometimes charger is not connecting calls are automatically disconnecting.
NEG worst battery only runs 10 hours if you use normally also,heating problem , worst headset, worst charger, no usb connector in the device.
NEG i bought another charger to see if least that charges faster but not the aerial bus of moto g is different.data transfer is a big pain firstly they dont give you a usb chord to transfer songs/videos and to make it worse if you use your normal cable there is a big issue of drivers and copying files is very predictable i have requested for a product return as i invested 13000 so that i dont have to keep this phone plugged to my charger all day.
NEG the charger has stopped working.i am using another charger now.
NEG i installed more than 100 applications still running smoothly usb cable is not included with phone.only charger and head phone included.
NEG charger is only 550ma, takes hours for charging.i doubt this headphone has output of 50db.
NEG in th june when i connected the charger to charge my phone there was a spark in the phone port for charging and then i was not able to charge the phone.
NEG best budget phone better than any other bands at this prices smart assistance google apes are now solid built in quality android is up-gradable, camera is decent heating problems headset is worst.
NEG charging time is more began of adapted issue and adapted is not usb type need to purchase other usb cable to charge it by laptop,which may be fixed.only seller is not providing data cable along with device which is wrong.
NEG how can we copy files from pp without data cable.please send data cable.
NEG head phone quality is very poor and usb cable not available with phone.
NEG have used it for over a months a good budget phone headphone quality is very bad,and the built quality is not as expected or as it looks just a single slip from or hand can give debts and scratches to the plastic outline.
POS well bought for my little his in exchange of carbon a51, she felt happy for this phone but she was disappointed that there was no data cable with in the box and overall the phone is good and responsive and good interface and above that she loves it and mostly the andriod lollipop is also fast than ever before and it is really user friendly and the conclusion she loves it.
NEG black mobile comes with white charger and a white headset.headset is of cheap quality.you can buy a better headset from pavement sellers.the charger is just 550 may which is not enough to charge your phone quickly.
NEG after that i tried to turn on cell by removing charge but it didn start for 20-30 mind and was continuously showing battery % in charging state(though charger is removed whenever i clicked the power button.
NEG one minus is data usb cable is not available with pack.
NEG it came in a box with a white charger also and instructions.
NEG studio is very clear but headphone is difficult use for long time as there is no soft bud which can plug into the ear hole.
NEG but the headset sound is not good.but overall nice set.
NEG i , i have bought this phone recently everything is fine with it but the accessories(headset and charge looks like worst than basic chinese accessories.headset is not useful can hear voice clearly.charger, hard to insert looks like it end up in damaging the phone shortly.nothing big about this phone.
NEG mobile is awesome but charger is very normal.charging.time is hours minimum its too late charging and charger also heating in during charge time.otherwise awesome mobile.
NEG i found charger is not working .
NEG must moto should improve quality of headphone.
NEG by only complain is that no data cable is provided with the hands and headphone is just average.
NEG charging time was took noisy and headphone isn good for enough for this .
NEG to data us cable included in box hats all dont think!.
NEG also the charger takes a hell lot of time to fully charge the phone.
NEG only negative aspect is bad quality earphones provided and no us cable.
NEG slow charging & not happy with moto charger & ave head phone 3.
NEG the price.only things motorola may add a headphone for some extra money.
NEG the box includes a charger but the wire is not usb to micro-usb,it is simply a wall charger,so you cannot plug it into your lawton or anything.
NEG and also there is a problem with charger / battery where it wont get charge continuously when it is in changing with minor shake discontent the process and get incomplete in the charging flipkart need to check the product once quality product then process to the service to again i have raised the complaint to get the issue resolve and waiting for the resolution.
NEG vice shone livid displays royal took it charges with usb cable too ( saw someone said it doesn't, which is wrong good loudspeaker, sturdy design battery could be a notch better and the ram as well.
POS on streets got myself a skullcandy headphone which works fantastic moto g2.moto should learn from bony about providing accessories.you either have to carry charger with u or power bank with you.g2 needs least 2 charging for a single day i.e.15 hours with videos,music,3g,wifi,nearing no gazing.
NEG talking about the headset it is really awesome , but when it comes to service from flipkart they suck.the headset that was delivered to me has issue with the second him slot and fipkart guns keeps on telling useless things to correct it but in the end they agreed to return it when asked about the replacement they said they dont have the headset but on webster the set was available ideally it should be out of stock as the headset is not available now coming to the return point they have screwed us to such an extent that some how finally i have got my every penny back from them.
NEG charger charges phone really slow it doesn have farthing pin required just to support charger).
NEG to data cable provide like what we see in other mobile charger cable can be use as data cable.
NEG the only indication in the front panel is the front camera which you may not notice if your phone is black 2)no usb cable supplied.
NEG charger provided takes lot of time for charging.also if the data cable had been provided it would have been better.
NEG phone have 2 ports .1 not removable battery,2charging very bad phone working g g simple super .
NEG the shone is performing very well but one peculiar thing is being experienced that is during charging of mobile from normal charger supplied by the motrola the phone is opening the camera called list darling some numbers,opening the weather report on its own and unless the charging is stopped it is not coming back to normally.
NEG bad quality charger.
NEG there is no data cable along with the products.micromax data cable didn support.bony data cable works fine for connecting phone to pc.
POS ve vice camera right display super smooth touch west exchange offer ve pathetic quality charger and headphones build quality is average.
NEG data cable for transferring files from computer is an essential need which can be fulfilled.
NEG after this period the charger not work properly .
NEG accessories: stock headphone could have been canalphones instead of earphones.but sound quality is good would have provided with a data cable for charging with lawton scant always expect power source in the whole him now a moto fan.
NEG to usb cable in the box using my old phone cable and not its not like one of those charges where usb and charger are same connected there deaf no usb cable and i have checked the box thoroughly.in the box headset is also pretty bad doesn fit is ancient style deaf not cool and hurts my ears.him using another headset with the phone so big flop on accessories!.
NEG 8-no data cable provided.
NEG i ordered two phone separately on big billion day and was skeptically whether i would get it fast or not.eventhough i received one faster than the other flipkart still delivered them before the promised date.have been using the phone for a day.feels good and perform good.overall good product.my only complaint would be that the moto people could've made data cable and charger as separate units.
NEG received a white headset and a white charger with my black phone - not sure if that is the norm.
NEG there are some lack also like battery is not superb earphone headset is not of best quality.not volume control in headset.to music change control in headset headset speaker is not so fitted with ear initially.
NEG 1 dissatisfaction is data cable is not provided with the phone.other wise it is simply superb!!!.
NEG charger does not come with detachable usb cable and lastly delivery is very superfast flipkart guns or rocking!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
NEG but the phone doesn come with a data cable.
POS the charger and head phone are working good.
POS charger and headphones included.headphone build quality is passable.
NEG but charger provided.would it not be good to pack a good current rating charger in the package instead of this crap!.
NEG i moto go used some charging problem with lollypop verstion,charger is getting heating while phone is charging.
NEG shone charger is very slow full battery charge takes 3-4 hours time.
NEG since i got a defective charger rest of the product is good.value for money and good products but flipkart can check the quality of the accessories before dispatching.
NEG it takes 2-3 hours for 100%charge using the charger provided with the phone.while using charger of any other brandy it take below 1 hour to reach 100% battery.
NEG headphone sound was average.and headphone color is white in black color mobile 8.headphone wired is not too good.
NEG camera quality is good.the headset i got with phone is worst used it for two days then it had suddenly got damaged.if you compare with other company phone like screen size then it looks like a 4 inch display phone.the dimension of phone is also not good.do not go for it.
NEG sons to basic file explorer that with kitkat) should have provided additional data cable that with moto and not with the phone 2070 may battery not enough for this smartphone.
NEG charger quality is bad.
NEG battery life can be only problem but one can always buy power banks for that also charger supplied is only 550 my output so very slow charging.
NEG by old motorola bluetooth headphone charger was unable to charge the phone.by newer samsung charger and the charger that sent was able to charge the phone.
NEG however one upsetting thing about this phone is that it does not have a usb data cable-cum-charger which makes user to arrange it from somewhere else also headset is kind of ok.
NEG the telephone had not the cable usb.
NEG the charger is of very less out put ~450 ma/550ma which charges this 2000ma phone very slow.
NEG but the color of charger and headphones is white instead of black as my phone is black.dear all i purchased this set before 4 & 5 days but he is much of heat without any using and mobile delivered to me without data cable if any solution please reply otherwise replace my mobile.
NEG charger colour is white dear phone must be improved a lot i bought a new skull candy ) as they cause lot of pain after using for long time.
NEG charger really sucks.
NEG its charger is really bad one.sound in headphone is moderate.
NEG careful no heated included not a shipping error i got 2 and none of them had a headset.
NEG the voice / music on headset speaker is distorted.
NEG but product quality is not ok.like faulty charger still i m not getting my ok charger mobile purchase date with of septa , battery back is very poor max 16 hours without using.
NEG his is good phone but the headphone provided by motorola is pathetic.
NEG i am satisfied with the overall features sons data cable is not available in the box.data.cable is essential accessories of a phone .
NEG but the charger gone in just few days.
NEG but this phone once i opened and started using am getting wire burnt smell in us port and in headphone ports.
NEG there is no usb cable for this for connecting to computer.
NEG i am not receive charger and had phone and back panel completely damaged .20 days ho gave ah take roi solution nasi ha.
NEG battery cannot be removed no us cable battery is not so impressive rest is ok battery cannot be removed no us cable battery is not so impressive rest is ok.
NEG i received mobile with accessory but charger is not working properly.
NEG but after using now m facing issues like : network issues : intermittently getting down network available ) , its charger getting heated up after putting in charging port .to separate data cable in package for conductivity to pp .
NEG vice phone i dont think i need to give you the ports or bones of this product since you can find an eternity of content on the web regarding moto go.however i will give you the ports and bones of flipkart's service.
NEG while charging the phone charger adapted is heating like a iron box.
NEG sable but a tedious experience.bluetooth is quite happy as well whether have haired my phone to my care my bluetooth headset, etc.
NEG the only reason him giving 4 star is that cheap accessories charger(piece of shit take 4 hours to completely charge 2070mah battery and worst thing is that if your using phone while charging your phone wont get charged if your using box charger wtf :x), headphone worst quality i can better headphone is just inr200, and last there is no usb cable in the box.
NEG you can play any high end game on medium graphics setting without a lag but on high graphics setting it will tend to miss a frame or two speakers and headset:- these are loud but while listening on the highest level of sound , they seem to be cracking a little bit.and dont even dare to compare them with htc's sterno speakers htc's speakers are way too superior to those headset output is good but here also nothing beats my htc desire 820.you can play any high end game on medium graphics setting without a lag but on high graphics setting it will tend to miss a frame or two speakers and headset:- these are loud but while listening on the highest level of sound , they seem to be cracking a little bit.and dont even dare to compare them with htc's sterno speakers htc's speakers are way too superior to those headset output is good but here also nothing beats my htc desire 820.
NEG its been just 5 months and my phone charger has stopped working properly.the sound quality of headset is not good and it cracks a lot and makes hearing a call quite difficult.
NEG would need separate data cable for interlacing with pc.
POS sound quality good camera good charger heat up mobile heated up and can talk when mobile phone is on charge bc the steel plate on mobile having current.
NEG to usb cable provided.
NEG well after actually getting it i really appreciated motorola's effort.decent and sappy at the same time nice build,design,and the headphone and speaker output are just rocking.
NEG charger gets heated.
NEG the charger is very bad comes in box it charges phone 3.30-4h (0-100%) so i using samsung galaxy core charger(5v,1a) which charges just 2.20h (0-100%).and never facing any heating problem even when play games camera video playing charging with samsung charger with moto charger it will heat up to 45c).
NEG i give 4 stars only because the box does not come with a data cable which is really required for the usb charging other than the file transfer.
NEG sons covers are damn expensive ( gun without bullet no nice music player , headphone are not great.
POS you need to carry a charger along with you as you see in the ad charging.
NEG also it dont come with a connection cable is if u dont have one from an old phone then that going to be a problems.
NEG moto g comes with pretty clean & simple package & not to forget no usb cable & if or first to andros devices u might get disappointed for not having a cable.motorola has supplied a very average headset, intact its below average.by old phone galaxy s lcd had better headset undoubtedly.most of the customers would be disappointed with this quality of headset.yes charger do get heated up a bit but folks if u had used samson phone previously use samson charger to charge the moto i have personally checked the capacity of both samson & moto charger & both supply same amount of power or less in case of samsung) u can check the specification on or charges.
NEG the charger provided with this phone is very weak and takes a bit amount of time to charge the phone.headphone is not good.by phone color is black and i got white colored headset.it looks awkward when i wear headset.
NEG i canst understand what to do the phone without usb cable.my phone color is black and i got white colored headset.it looks awkward who i wear headset.even charger color also white.
NEG worst headset,no data cable available.
NEG the charger is a bit slow.
NEG but the charger and the earphones provided along with are absolutely horrible.the charger gets heated up excessively and i cannot charge my phone during travel in trains.5/5 for the phone 1/5 for charger 0.25/5 for earphones.
NEG of you are a normal user then it will easily last you a full day before 9 pm in night according to my test but still its god as u can plug in a charger at night.
NEG sometimes call drop i had no experience of charger heating as mentioned by others.
NEG flipkar conveyed me that it is recommended that you should only use motorway headset.
NEG the usb cable like first generation phone doesn detach from the charge.
NEG the charger it came with is lose and i have to set it just right for it to charge if you bump it it moves and i wake up with a dead phone sometimes.2.
NEG shone performance is good but phone charger is not that solid looks like if dont handle with care can break any time.
NEG to data cable provided with phone.
POS charger heated up like anything.
NEG the box contains accessories like the charger and the headphones not worth it.the charger is not a usb mounted charge.to please ensure to have your own usb cable for data transfer.
NEG - cannot see mile manager/sd older on device - after charger is disconnected still i can see charging symbols.
POS and charger is also not working properly at times.only camera is good.
NEG only bad thing about the product is it wont come with usb or data cable.
NEG -charger is not us type u have to buy pp connection to connect with put.
NEG charger's cable is fixed into electric adapted rather than being a usb cable.however i can charge this phone with my old samsung supplied charger and usb cable just the same.
NEG and it will work absolutely fine other thing the moto should upgrade in this phone is to provide battery and charger of higher rating as the charger takes hell lot of time to finish chagrin and 2070 may battery is insufficient for a smart phone like this.
NEG once charger connected its not able to boot up and no recovery option working.
POS also the charger heat up a lot during charging.
NEG only con it has is its charger which takes clot of time to charge the fone.so i got a sonya charger and that charges the one just fine.
NEG first of all the package doesn't have a usb cable inside that bad thing would have happened if they provided a charger with a removable data cable i wonder so be ready to buy one along with the phone.next all of the data cable dont work on this phone.while buying choose a wired data cable in stead of a two wired one (can't write details here space is limited.
NEG the mobile charger become hot quickly it it doesn matter.
NEG pp are getting slow phone is hanging now the charger stopped charging too !!!.
NEG i am not at all satisfied with this purchase want to change charger to be replace either by company or flipkart.
NEG but the charger is a defect one.the battery it take a long time to charge and the charger gets heated up so much as if its going to burst 2.
NEG the charger gets heated up very quickly.
NEG i received moto go on 26 dec there is no problem about the phone speck its a perfect phone under ask but the charger i received stopped working as it becomes very hot while charging i will request flipkart for a replacement of charger.
NEG disappointed with no usb cable.
NEG only data cable is not given , file manager is not installed.
NEG usual data cable doesn work with it.
NEG for a black piece i got a white headphone and white charge.
NEG to usb cable provided i suggest anyone looking for a mobile in less than ask can consider this without any doubt.
NEG i was reading other users review also and some of them had mentioned that charger is getting hot like a rock.but i haven felt it yet.it's been continuously plugged in since friday night charging my other phone as well.i will suggest they better check there electrical connections use with extension boards which removed spike in simple words i will say.just go for it.you will love it.
NEG to 4g, nfc, mhl or ir, but i really dont care about any of that door quality video captured included charger has an integrated cable and is only 550ma.
NEG also i got white earphones and white charger with this mobile while the set is black flipkart delivery was soon slowly , i ordered the phone on th november and got it on with november.
NEG have not used the supplied headset, so i canst comment on its quality.
NEG i was satisfied with the mobile phone but days passes headset quality was poor.i was not satisfied with the performance of the headset.
NEG charger provided is below standard its heating up itself and the phone while charging so i stopped using that.
NEG i can only imagine that its because of the lollipop updated but the phone frequently acts as if its unable to adequately run the os.it's also started notifying me that the battery has completely discharged even after its been on the charger all day.
NEG i have a car charger so i usually do that and that works out for me.
NEG like the ridiculous advertisement i have to carry my charger all the time.
NEG the phone charger stopped working after 2 months and have hated using this phone almost after the second week of use when it started crashing.
NEG i bought a moto g and the battery charger doesn work after just a few days(march 25-2015).
NEG also i did not find usb data transfer cable.i did not find usb data transfer cable and even a cleaning cloth.
NEG head phone are cheap quality but why the charger and headphones are white.
NEG however the charger is very slow.
NEG but the "headset" is horrible it doesn fit in the ears and sound quality also is ok-ok.
NEG the charger doesn fit into any indian wall socket seems to be bent probably the guy who used it before me damaged it.
NEG his is the worst service that one could ever think off.the product i receive is damaged and also doesn include all its accessories and the only available accessory is the charger which is white in colour while the phone is black.hence i doubt if i have received a used phone or a phone which was returned by someone else.and the phone ordered is black in colour and the only available accessory is the charger which is white in colour.
POS camera performance was also very good.but while charging its charger gets heated up very quickly it overall moto g and generation is a fabulous phone.
POS the shone comes along with a charger and a set of earphones.
NEG headset not so good.just get one from the market that all.
POS mind you you dont get a usb cable with this piece.
NEG yes but i think moto should have to give usb cable with the handset.
NEG > the charger was provided along with it some times heat up like a hell.> of there is heating issue with the charger then use usb cable to charge.> i use sennheizer headphones so headphone is not a concern for me.
POS and charger gets heated alot.
NEG however i am disappointed that we do not receive a data cable with the phone.
NEG but their is no us cable in the box.:-(.
NEG mobile is good but the quality of charger and earphones are not worthy.in fact the charger was not working after one week of purchase.
NEG to keep the cost of the phone unfordable the charger, head phone are not of the quality make.motorola instead of supplying these happy ones should have given option to the customers to select the charge head phone and usb cable from their quality products with specifications,keeping the cost of the phone separately.i am using foka charger and bony head phone which are excellent in their performance than the happy supplied with the box item.
NEG to data cable provided with cells.want charge with usb cable.if you are frequent traveler canst carry charger dont buy this products.
NEG charger gets headed.
NEG headphone quality is not good.
NEG no us cable provide no org provide apart from 2 sons this a worth buy excellent service buy flipkart!!.
NEG i do not receive usb cable along with my products.i asked them if you cannot provide usb cable replace my charger with detachable usb cable charger but as expected only apologies you can get.
NEG no data cable since in box assesari) 3.
NEG battery discharges faster on g but everyone knows that **cons - the only thing that i would like to point out is that the charger provided with it tends to heat the device a little while charging.
NEG but the charger provided with phone is not good.
NEG mobile screen is bad speakers are not working properly , charger is defective piece.
NEG summarizing i would definitely recommend this phone although i would add that it takes ages for the phone to charge with the moto provided charger and that the earphones seem too cheap but perform as expected from motor.
NEG headphone could have been better.
NEG moto is not providing usb cable with this phone u need to buy it separately.
NEG but the charger heat up.
POS vice phone good value the description said it comes with dual sim ports.
NEG charger is 0.5 amp, it takes minimum 3.30 hrs to get full charge.
NEG while charging motog2 with my car charger it has caused problems twice as follows 1.once the phone did not report when the car charger was connected.second time when i plugged out car charger it was in a loop rebooting.i just put the car charger back it came up.
NEG sons built headphone is not up to the mark.
NEG battery issue in 3 months when item connect my charger phone showing battery is full but few min phone will switch off automatically and battery showing 0%.
POS plus - good package that comes with headphone with mid and power adapted.
NEG it headphone sound is below election and battery back not so good.
NEG my phone is working fine but charger has stopped charging i tried connecting to other mobile phone also they are not charging as well and i have used other charger on my phone then only my phone is getting charged.
NEG headset, the one provided within the box are of cheap quality and it will definitely hurt your ears if you use it to watch a movie or so 4.
POS round quality very good in general but not good headset provide by motor improvement is required video quality west all clarity very good battery life very good camera must awesome looks obviously very important in low budget best features available in moto g2.
NEG i liked the sound system if you have a headphone with ear-bud.the headset which is given inside the box is very normal and with low quality.to data cable is given inside the box its only a pocket charge.
NEG headphone quality is not good.charger is 500 ma while it support 1.5 imp which can charge 3 times faster.letter if you buy branded headphone and new charge.
NEG the worst part is the charger its slow charge.it is 500mah charger while most charges are rate at 1000mah-2000mah.people buying this phone consider to buy a charger with 1am-1.5am.or if you own a microusb charger then use that.
NEG i have ought his mobile 4 times and all your mobile are working very good i strongly recommend to people its raise vasool us and i like the policy of 30 days replacement i not by charger replacement compensation.
NEG charger will heat up like hot molten.now from past day my charger is not working.
NEG takes 3-4 hours to charge from 0-100%  to otg cable provided the ugly  the earphone quality sucks big time.
NEG very bad headphone output i have to say this the 3.5mm jack output really sucks !.to usb data cable a charger with removable usb cable would have been handy.
NEG use of samsung micro us charger is advisable.headphone sounds not so premium but considering the phone budget it is acceptable.
POS the sound is crisp and loud from both the speakers and when used the headset really good and entertaining which will keep you busy listening to music for hours.
POS also the charger heat up a lot during charging.
NEG i have to look for charger every time i want to play a game.
NEG i bought this mobile which was not delivered on time and also the charger in the mobile want working from the day one itself.
NEG bc of not found any data cable.
NEG heating problems - i do not see any such issues charger was getting heated up initially but now i do not see such problems and never faced this with the phone.
NEG even the charger is not heating while charging.to guns who charger is getting heat up while charging kindly get it change from flipkart.even the headphone sound is very loud and clear.
NEG if u say that it is attached to the charger wire.it is stuck my friend.
NEG however the wall charger does not look original and it is not working.
NEG voice quality in recording is hard to believe the earphones provided could have been better and the usb transfer cable which was missing would have made the deal even better but nonetheless overall i am highly satisfied with the product so far.
NEG no data cable provided along with the box 2.charger gets headed in just 10 minute.headset is of poor quality.
NEG does not comes with headphone or screenguard or cover so you have to get those separately.
NEG and there were no usb charger or late movement canst happen.
NEG i figured that the problem is with the charger because when i use the samsung's charger for this phone it charges very quickly.
POS charger gets super heated you can make an follette with the same.doesn't come with a data cable.
NEG there was no data cable provided along with the box , have to buy separately.
NEG - joints 1)changer(no usb cable 2)headset is not looking good.
NEG the worst thing is they are not providing micro usb charging cable to charge it from lawton usb port and they do not have any recommendation to buy any rd party charger also.
NEG more weight no installed games no usb cable 5.
NEG coming to the phone itself the package ships with wired headset(earplug+mic) and a charger with a detachable micro usb cable.unlike the reviews read online for units sold in europe the unit in india ships with charger and wired headset.its too early to comment on battery life and charger performance.
NEG i am not saying its impossible i can see the tiny message indicator or the headphone jack at the top its just more difficult than i think it should be.
NEG and worst quality headset.
NEG i got the order but why have i received white charger and white earphones with a black shone.
NEG battery life is average , you gutta plug the charger before the day ends.
NEG to keep cost low -usb cable not included.
NEG sons battery life average data cable not included in the box.
NEG con's: charger - poor quality and takes hell lot of time to charge.
NEG in the box accessories includes a charger and a earphone,but i am literally not impressed by the earphones audit quality as i use high bass earphones generally,but may be ok for most of the people.
NEG charger port not working after some usage 3.
NEG but problem is no usb cable in the box.
NEG * charger is overhearing while charging but the phone stays cool(no probe for me.
NEG door headphone quality should not expect much for this price point hats all in my review.
POS one suggestion i could give is motorola should improve quality of earphone and charger that ships with devices.
POS however the phone speakers are loud enough to listen to music in the car with reasonable clarity i can listen to music by plugging in a headset, so the 3.5mm input itself works fine.
NEG charger was not same brand as phone but that doesn bother me at all.
NEG - to data cable within the package.
NEG no usb cable 2.
NEG while talking in phone you can not connect to bluetooth headset.data cable is not given.
NEG usb cable not supplied to bluetooth headset.
NEG usb cable is not included in package - this is a bummer!!!!.for none of these purchases the headphone works.
NEG i guess my husband will have to carry the charger wherever he goes.
NEG cons: charger is only 550mah so it takes a lot of time to charge.better try other charges.
POS battery life will easily last the day if not over used either way it needs to be on the charger at the end of the day.
NEG i had ordered a black moto g and surprisingly i got white ear phone and charger which i expected to be in black colors.the sad part is no us cable is provided along with the phone.
NEG charger with detachable usb cable - the out of box charger did not have detachable usb cable so i had to buy it.
NEG to data cable lip part provided.
NEG the only thing which i didn like was that there was no usb cable given along with this hands and also the headphone which is in the accessory is very much low in quality.
NEG charger is non-detachable.it doesn come with data cable.
NEG flipkart delivery is nice.only drawback in the phone is no data cable in the moto g box.
NEG also buy otg and usb cable because its not provided here.
NEG with some negative like you cannot use wife direct without an external pp little heavy in weight headphones are not the kind you expect to come with good smartphones and charger does not have a detachable us cord.
NEG given charger is slow buy last charger 3.data cable is not included 4.headset quality is not so good.
NEG usb cable is not included.
NEG of you have access to a desktop and recommend transferring out the media files with a data cable and meeting from the old phone before you do the migrate.
NEG but the charger is faulty.i have to charge the hands using my etc charge since the charger shipped with motor does not work.
NEG in earphone, a charger inside.
NEG but not as good in design.always slipped from ears.this is the problem.third thing is there is no data cable with box u have to purchase it from market.although any data cable is compatible.
NEG changer(no usb cable headset is not looking go.
NEG but the headset quality is very cheap.
NEG an anybody tell me if skullcandy headset is supported by this device or not.
NEG the wire of charger is non-detachable.besides that the charger is of very low quality.
NEG one negative thing headphone that come along with this is not good round quality is not so impressive ) but you can buy different one .but charger is very effective .
NEG i bought my phone months back but now my charger is not working.phone is showing charging symbol when we connect but no increase battery level.
NEG disadvantages battery back is poor,speakers and apiece not so good as the company claims sound is hollow and shattered on high volume,earphones are of cheap quality(plastic make but deliver good sounding data cable in package.
NEG the positive things first - really good grip and smart look - google apes smartly integrated - very competitive prices - excellent picture and video quality shoots really well in low light conditions - hard scratch proof screen so u need not even put a screen cover - enough storage space and dual sim shots - fig screen size to fit in all the most used apes and modifications now the negative - the battery life is a real showdown - have to charge everyday irrespective of use - not possible to personality ringtone - sms does not have one of the most useful feature - drafts - to touch screen feature to turn the phone to silent / vibrating mode - door quality head phone - the charger should have detachable data cable - creating profile is not possible - burns slow when multiple applications are used though i would still rate this in the mid range of the scale given that it helped me to upgrade in terms of the enhancements i was looking for in a smart phone.
NEG but the charger heat up within 5 mind.
NEG motorola dose not disappoint me with built quality display resolution camera gazing touch respond is vary nice but one area him really disappoint with the music play in headphone they sound like a vary cheap mobile phone.
NEG to if your usage is mostly at the places where you dont find charging ports you should have a second thought.
NEG some problems may be related to the length of the headphone cable which acts as antenna.so easiest way to check if reception is poor to try an other headphone cable.it.
NEG the phone was delivered by the post office.the charger that came with it didn work which sucks need to notify amazon about the charge but dont know how.
NEG the only problem is that it takes longer time to get charged in original charger but that negotiable.
NEG headphone back quality6) processing speed very fast.by heavy i mean nearly constant use with video web browsing games and brightness on 100%, and several apes open11) ram: good but you can definitely notice when you have too many apes open12: camera quality excellent13) front camera quality good but good lighting is a must14) video quality very good15) speakerphone: below average strangely16) charger ports takes me feel like him going to break it every time i pull it out.
NEG only issue was with exchange was the vendor was asking for phone+headset+charger+box+original bill.whereas flipkart had asked me to give only phone through email and even their contact center told the same thing.after repeated follow up with flipkart customer care the issue was resolved and we had to give phone+headset+charger and the product which was expected on th oct.was finally handed over to me on th act.
NEG mobile is good battery back up is very poor increase the battery back i canst understand what to do the phone without usb cable.
NEG so i got my headset replaced.after getting my headset replace within 2 days.
NEG not good backup) in screen time is about 4 hours expected more charger (cheap) earphones pathetic heating ( camera use of 10 min.
NEG there should have data cable.
POS to bundles us cable is a summer.
POS the biggest drop back i found that moto doesn provide usb cable to connect with system.
NEG i shouldn stuck with the old one wish there is a way to revert back.on a side note when i first got it the charger provided takes hours to charge the phone to full.
NEG the default headset is of good quality but its not near and the design awkward.charger is ok but it gets heated up and tools itself later so dont worry about it.
POS the phone charger gets heated up quickly at times.overall, its a great value for money.
NEG music player come with good settings like shake to change song headphone configuration etc 5.
NEG charger gets heated up like hell 3.
NEG the charger problem begin as soon as rd month is completed.i have submitted the charger for change on friday and still waiting for replacement.
NEG charger burns metal hot whenever i am charging my phone.
NEG i immediately put it on charge original charger).
NEG but few days back i unintentionally inserted the micro us charger in the wrong direction idea upside down which somehow damaged the charging port on the phone.
NEG battery quality too poor discharging very fast and also it takes 4 his to charge with the motorolla charger same ringtone for both the him in a dual him cell unbelievable other functions are also too complicated mile manager voice recorder not preinstalled camera quality is very good overall an average mobile phone not up to the expectations from a company like motorolls.
NEG * camera is god 2 of them * sterno sound is god * it does not comes with a data cable its a fixed charger.
POS charging port and headphone jack are nice quality.
NEG camera and internet breakers have to carry the usb charger all the way wherever you go battery dies all the time and runs out of power.
NEG of the accessories were not so expensive and if it had come with a usb cable the moto g and men would've been the perfect and smartphone for me.
NEG to external pendrives can also be connected via an otg cable.the phone charger is of a low output (550 may and because of that charging the moto takes a lot of time.- to data cable in the retail box.
NEG part from that charger is dead within 4 months.
NEG only thing is that they should have also delivered the screen guard and a data cable.
NEG sons ram is some 850mb but its pretty enough for stock android, no usb cable provided well that it finally its awesome phone !.
NEG it comes only for a day and surprisingly charging is too slow with the charger available with the phone.to conclude there are more ports and less sons in moto g which is the best bet to go in the present changing scenario of the mobile and keeping the overall budget in mind.
NEG the next day i over phone informed them the fact and requested them to replace the charger with new one because the original branded charger is the integral part of the mobile.
NEG charger gets hot but not that you can hold it in your hand.
POS i will directly write the ports n sons of this device so that its easily helpful for all.
NEG headphone quality too is substandard.
NEG experienced a black out totally recently after i lowered it off battery 50% so no battery drain and did not boot at all even after holding the power button continuously**** resolved by ( connected it to the power charger and holding power button for 2-3 mind and it booted up dont know why it happened so i minus 1 star flipkart: ordered for in-a-day delivery and it was promptly delivered and good packing and cracking facilities.
POS headset not so awesome, but loud speaker is loud and clear the display is amazing sharp & vivid battery back is average one day it also support otg, oats nice overall this phone is good.
POS looks wise it is beautiful with curly edges performance wise awesome , all the apes and games are running smoothly without stitches , no us cable friends , they have given a universal us port so you can connect any us cable.
NEG raw back headset quality is not unto the markets works like local piece.and also no us cable present with the phone.you have to buy from local markets.
NEG also it doesn have a data cable and ear phone are of old model not ear buds types these are some of the drawback in this mobile.
NEG i have lost my charger and ear phone.flipkart.has no seller who sell original moto g and gen charger and ear phone.please.
NEG sound quality in headphone is melodious.
NEG within just 1 week my charger left connecting my moto g2.
NEG in box accessories are pathetic.the ear phone are not of good quality and charger is also not impressive.
POS fast and efficient got the next day delivery too.but not happy with the headset.
NEG of your sole motivation is the improved camera i dont recommend the upgrade from moto g to the and genet week ago i started having problems with the headphone jack and want able to fully insert the headphone jack and thus unable to make phone calls over my headset.the phone is ok but since i am not able to use it without the headphone it gets only one start.
NEG shone and the charger gets heated up badly during charging.
NEG quality of charger is superb no usb cable in the box and headphone is too cheap.
NEG charger - again the battery takes too much time to charge with its default charge.but if you change your charger having an output of 1 imp.and yes the charger does not have a detachable cable which could work as a micro-usb cable for your pc.
NEG to doubt the phone is a masterpiece.but earphone is very worst.you can get this kind of earphone in local market for 100 bucks.i dont know why but motorola's concentration was only on the handset.earphone could have been much better.if you are a music lover then you will have to buy a good headphone.charger seems poor in quality.heats after one hour of charging.but its ok.
NEG charger could have been with a data cable.
NEG quiet intriguing at this prices best part got it on exchange and get delivery.grt product only thing is us cable not given&earphones were cheap.
NEG opened the box,the phone,charger,headset all was fine but no us cord.
NEG you just need to replace the charger and headphone to make it ultimate.
NEG while i try to sharing the data from samson mobile to moto and gen via wife direct it shows files sending failed there were no bones in the device whatsoever but the charger shipped with this phone heat up like a often rocky.
NEG sometimes lagging in playing high end games (asphalt 8,nfs most wanted,dead trigger no data cable in the box.
NEG and even the charger gets heated up during charging.
NEG the charger came along with moto g was not working.it has been two months now still they are replacing the charger.but not sure whether flipkart expects me to use the phone without a charger eating for flipkart service phone charger and not for the phone as such.
POS quality of headphone is very poor.i suggest buy a good headset to have a excellent music experience.moto g and men don"t have a usb data cable to connect it with pc.
NEG sometimes him reaching for the charger by pm from around 6 or 7am).
NEG i have left the phone on the charger overnight and still no sign of life.
NEG it was showing some issues with battery and charger.charger is he white colored one giving with new motog2.i had connected the charger till full charging again and repeated the same case of previous day.another thing i noticed is charger is getting overheard always.white colour charger is not unto he expected standards.most amazingly i had tried to connect this via usb cable to my laptop.
NEG headset jack issue.
NEG usb cable is not coming with accessories.
NEG reccomendations:use samson charger and samsung headsets for better performance.
NEG but i didn receive the data cable along that.
NEG round output to a headphone is much better.
NEG to usb cable provided.
NEG even with a black color phone still shipping white headphones and white charger 3.
NEG one thing which i didn like is the headphone they gave with it.
NEG it is too difficult to open back panel to insert sim, upon 5-6 attempt of opening back panel may harm charger point.
POS display is also good but battery charger got heated up st time and den and time mobile itself is not charging.
NEG one minus point is the battery charger and headsets of moto g is just in average .charger takes up some more time for charging .
NEG headset sound quality is too good.there is no data cable in the box.
NEG sons it comes with a worst charger takes a lot of time more than 4 he for full charge.
NEG please note - the charger will charge your phone slowly so as to prevent the battery from over-heating.you may get a charger with higher may rating but it might spoil your battery within a years.
NEG wish it came with the car charger.
NEG sons - according to personal observations charger heat allot if switch is on for more than couple of hours.
NEG -charger getting heated while doing charging.data cable for is an essential need which can be fulfilled.
NEG the only thing bad about this phone is the old fashioned headphone which come bundles with it.
POS an do everything with it prose amazing display awesome camera amazing front facing speakers lollipop experience good although there are bags right now come to hold snapdragon 400 does everything smoothly aren 305 does everything you ask it to multitasking better than any other phone with 1 go ram cost absence of 64 bit capability does everything but heavy apes take around a second to show with lollipop headphones and charger low quality better buy another charger,it charges very slow battery drains very fast get around 3 his screen on time and 8 hours of use with 45 mind subways surf type games standby time very low with wife on heating very low , max 43- 45 when playing extreme games.
NEG and by the way the stock headset that comes with it is absolutely rubbish.
NEG the product is not tested at all my products lcd is damaged from day one not ready to replaced instead told a application to fixed the charger is over heated and you even dont know whether the product is charging or not.
NEG got st mobile on with july there is charger problem on that mobile and than i exchange with another on with july only i used 2 days only the screen is shaking and camera is not working and i capture pick that is is not store in device.last but not least battery is worst its gives 6 hours charging only.
NEG the only problem was i felt was the charger provided in the pack is cap.
NEG charger yes.maybe charger is manufactured to work for foreign country plugs and that why it gets heated here in india ( co they have added an extra plug on top of the charge 5.
NEG value for money product,earphone is not good as we dont get good quality of sound.no data cable avialable.delivery commitment is good.
NEG poor battery life and the charger came with phone is poor it takes so much time to get charge the phone.
NEG and the charger provided with this phone is very weak and takes a bit amount of time to charge the phone.
NEG awesome phone in low budget with higher confrontation.but charger supplied is not working and i am unable to charge my phone ply help flipkart how can i get a replacement.
NEG once the mobile hung by showing battery fully charged but when you switch off the charger its only 58%.
NEG the sim ports are not working for the handset.
NEG data cable is not available with the mobile even though plenty of micro us cable are available in the market moto should have provided the data cable.
NEG the only missing thing is data cable.
NEG * his is the best phone in this budget * both camera qualities are very good * screen size is nice * to hanging problem * but charger and earphone are not up to the mark * it takes unto 3.5 hours to charge the phone.
NEG grand motorola was founded in u.s, 1928 and it build tablet computers mobile honest smartphones,two-way radius wilkie talkies),networking systems,cable television systems,wireless broadband networks,rfid systems,mobile telephone infrastructure.
NEG it takes longer time to get charged completely through usb cable.finally i wont recommend anyone to buy or not to buy this products it has its own ports and sons.
NEG charger does not come with detachable usb cable last but not least delivery is superb super fast flipkart u guns r rocking!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
NEG i had to permanently leg a portable charger around.
NEG the solution provided in moto site is plug it in charger and hold on volume down key and the power key for more than two minutes.they said they will resolve it soon.
NEG * charger that came with the phone is disappointing as its so slow in charging take nearly 4 hours for a full charge and it heat too much.
NEG front camera is not too good & worst headphone quality.
NEG us charger wa s not provided.
NEG equipment to be used is in very good condition but did not bring the data cable and handsfree.
NEG to data cable in box.
NEG the worst part of this phone is very slow charger & less battery life.
NEG headphone looks very ave so i did not even gathered to try them out.
NEG talking about moto g and men i got 3 manuals, a charger and a headset.
NEG the charger seems to be of very inferior quality .
NEG headset also a problems my ear is gaining after a long time use.
NEG earplug and charger quality is not that well.also there is no usb connection either in charger or additional.
NEG charger does not work properly it does not fit the socket correctly and not able to charge the phone.
NEG sons moto company should have provided charge and data cable.
NEG one major negative for this phone is the absence of usb data cable.the charger has fixed wires unlike other phone where charger cable doubles up as data cable.i believe it doesn cost much for motorola to include a usb data cable.
NEG n.b.: the charger i received worked for one day only and then stopped working.but i think its a special case that the charger didn work.
NEG guns anna let u know few more things that is the charger just gets heated up soon n also the screen touch stopped responding once.the.
NEG but the problem is i got whit head set and white charger i order black phone and.i want to buy data son cable original one.how.
NEG i have purchased a moto g last week.i dont know why.its charger is heating too much while charging the phone.
NEG but the charger disappointed me as it got darkness in my house for a while.charger was burned due to an inner short circuit by its first use.however charger was replaced by moto service centre.the funny thing is the exhausted charger was an indian made.chinese made charger is not making any issue.
NEG - there is no 2-in-1 charger cum data cable.
POS wherever you go take the charger and power bank with you.
NEG though i use the charger provided by the company.
NEG battery drains within one day charger gets damn hot within a hours.
NEG extra back cover solved the issue c charger & ear phone are massive disappointments.charging cable is not detachable and hence one needs a separate cable to connect the device with laptop.
NEG usb cable is not provided.
NEG con's headphone : included headphone doesn provide what expected.sounds are low and you barely hear or listen anything except if luckily you are alone.when i use my other headphones like samson tabes it sounds great.but you canst expect much at this price range.battery : sometimes it might disappoint you when you are really in need.so better keep charger with you all the time as back and also try not to use so much of apes and features which are not needed.
NEG i purchased moto g and gen but its charger is not working can you replace it with the new one.
NEG cable should also be provided.
NEG charger does not come with detachable usb cable.
NEG i guys, i purchased the mobile from flipkart but didn get the usb cable with the product because brand is not providing with the products.
NEG 3)charger gets heated.
NEG i will look into getting a cheap portable battery charger too.
NEG round  10/10 case a quality headphone) 4.
POS the headphone is good i would say you can use the sponge for that to make it comfortable on the ears and u get it for inr.
NEG charger heat while charging.
NEG sons there was no usb cable in the box which was a surprise us please include one.
NEG my box pack new mobile new charger not work ply help me ne i am not satisfied ply clock your project.
NEG further there is no usb cable and screen guard included in the back.
NEG only drawback is headset is missing usb cable is not given with the products.
NEG #awesome mobile but #worst charger 550 may output its take too much time to charge.
NEG after 2-3 day use of its headphone i got the quality sound which i feel letter then my nikita wh 208.
NEG the charger that comes with the phone looks pretty good its white instead of the usual shiny black but it charges so very slow.
NEG the charger and earphone were included separately outside the moto g box.third the charger is not branded by motorola and it does not have any usb cable.in undoing video of moto g i could see that the charger and earphones were included in the moto g box itself but this want the case with me.but the branded charger and low quality phone makes me wonder if flipkart is taking its customers for a ride.
NEG the white charger given is not at all friendly with the device.it is too tight for the devices charger ports.
NEG but the headset sound needs to be improved.probably ill buy another headset of other brand like jbl.
NEG very good experience only one problem is that it takes so much time to charge the battery and the charger is very chip.
NEG headset is of poor quality.charger doesn have a us detachable cable.
