NEG the only negative is its battery.
NEG battery drain is too much on standby.i slept at 11 pm battery was 48% when i woke up at 6.30 am it was 32%(wifi and net was off.
POS they battery life is also good.
NEG the missing star is for the battery.motorola should have adjusted the battery rating for bigger display.they retained the same battery from moto g (gen1).
NEG without battery back not to review with wife 100% battery coming hardly his without using not to say.
POS battery stays all day long with wife almost 80% time on.
POS i got this product 1 week back everything of this phone is fine but its battery sucks.
NEG battery slight con from this still good to get it !!!.
NEG sons it keeps running out of battery very fast if continuously using gps for even 1hr, ear piece point only works for motorola ear piece tried with other ear piece but its not accepting except motorola), no us cable-charger portability.
NEG heating issue.the battery doesn lasts more than 8 his if fully charged.marvellous features.only thing it laws is it should have a larger battery may.
NEG battery is horrible even.motorola needs to work on battery.
NEG and after having updated to lollipop 5.0.2 the battery is draining like water.the battery doesn even last 6 hours.overall a good mobile phone but battery is very low.
NEG must an foi for pp out there.latest lollipop update is a massive battery drained !!!.no changes at all as far as new apes installed or something but the battery drain if is substantially more !!!!.
NEG battery life i am not a heavy user/gamer nor phone addicted.i use moto battery slavery and turn off wi-fi, mobile data and synchronization during times i am not needing it.in easy day use with about 20 mind of calling 40 texts 10 email some calendar activity and 0.5 hour of browsing the internet battery is at 70% after the long day which allows me to go 2 full days without charging.battery if engineering and design are permitting.
POS i am a light user and the battery gives me a day and a half consistently.
NEG everything is exceptional except battery back up.i am fully satisfied with moto g2.nice mobile according to price.its.
NEG battery lockup was too poor 4.heating when we use 1 he continuously when a placed a replacement request and i got a new shone again.battery backup.
NEG the battery size doesn appear to be as influential as many would prefer to believe.with the arrival of the soon to come android updated there is suppose to be yet an even further increase in improving battery life.oh, and then there the addition of the microsd card slot.
NEG battery back up is not good at all.
NEG cost motorola could have bumped up the battery capacity unto 2300mah.
NEG and the battery for me parts one and a half days and best of all it has no problems.
NEG battery : 2070 may used to power 4.5, same is used to power 5.0 , the path is simple here with not a good outcome.
NEG battery is draining lot if u play games,using 3g/2g internet.very poor battery performance.
NEG no point to raise about anything except the essential battery.finally disappointed with battery but overall performance is quite good .
NEG by only complaints are the battery life and internal storage.
NEG i have not plugged this phone in to charge within the past 3 days and the battery currently reads 30%.
NEG even the battery now doesn last for more than 4 hours since last charged.
POS his phone has a aerial network issue but if anyone can ignore this then it is a splendid phone as compare to any other phone display - 5/5 camera - 4.5/5 battery - 4/5 looks - 4/5 network - 2/5 update - 2.5/5 overall - 6/10.
NEG battery back is average but not bad.
NEG about the battery.battery life is not very great but manageable.
NEG it is a good product only for 10000 rs.because battery back is not satisfactory at all.lots of application are thereto battery back facility should be enhance.camera(both still & vedio) are superb.overall.
NEG battery life could have been better as on heavy use days i am forced to use battery bank at end of the day.
NEG take mobile battery removable.
NEG only issue - battery!!!.overall i would say not at all bad for a 2070mah battery.
NEG battery heat up problem is there.
NEG but one problem is with two him cards on and internet working battery life is j 8 his but with out internet it is 20 hours of battery life.
NEG battery lockup as well as battery optimisation is too good.
POS cam clarity is fine battery comes for a whole day with moderate usage.
POS snatched telephone in this range revolution in motorola.very good battery back up good quality of display.
POS the issue which i have experienced so far is with the battery.overall,if you can live with the battery issue this phone is worth every single penny.
POS the performance is good and the only thing i would love to have is some extra battery backup.but battery back up is less.
NEG i bought this phone 10 days back and its rapid battery discharge has taken a toll now.i have just raised a return request.its battery only last for max 4 hours after charging it to 100 % .today when i got up its battery was just 15 % and when i plugged in for charging it suddenly charged up to 100% after using for an hour , the phone got shut.
POS battery back is very good full battery giving one full day back with regular usage like for whatsapp, playstore,games etc 4.
NEG - in 3-4 days i start facing battery issue (100 min battery backup).
NEG battery died on me after 6 months of use.
POS the great thing about this mobile is i absolutely dont experience heating issues.
NEG have good camera quality,sound quality also good it has gorilla glass no need to protection like scratch guard,battery life is the area u will check it is decent but depends on u r usage.
NEG battery is built in so you canst really pull it out as a rest option if your phone freaks out for any reason.
NEG battery drain too fast why.
NEG the phone we are receiving its self by default we are having speaker and heating issues.
NEG but the only deal breakers is the battery which is a serious cause of concern for a person who is consistently on the go.
NEG i feel it same as samsung in terms of battery back up.battery should last longer.
NEG a big one is some time battery % is not showing correctly like if it got 100 % charged but even after 3-5 hours battery % shows 100 that can not be correct.
POS battery is ok gives you a day back with a few click + game + video + 3g.
NEG the one challenge i have faced is that the battery takes far too long to charge.
NEG battery: battery seems to drain up quickly if u turn on the if or cellular fatal used my phone unto 14 his with heavy usage of wifii.
NEG but in normal usage him sure it gives me 13 to 14 his of battery backup.note :-the update of andros l makes this device to get more powerful battery life so just blandly go for it.
NEG earlier i used to speak 3 to 3.5 hours over my foka 5233 but still battery will be 2 stick left his moto g battery is up to the mark as per my wish but i heard that automatic start issue in other comments , that situation , and heating issue i have not faced till now.
NEG the mobile has power issues once the power is switched off it canst be switched on and the battery back up is too bad when i service my mobile from service center and now it is working fine.all features in this mobile are good battery back is too pathetic.
NEG battery consumption is more while using single sim.
NEG battery log doesn always show charging when i put it on charging.
NEG of i use it only for wife then it takes 2.5 his to drain battery.another problem is the charger.it takes 3.5-4 his to charge the battery.once the battery is at 30-25% then need to charge it other wise it takes very long time to charge.other than the battery issue overall phone is nice.
NEG in battery it might be slight drawback.battery is almost good.
NEG only regret that the battery could have been better.
NEG all the features are good but heating too much.
NEG its has only 2000mh battery which is lower than the version 1.
NEG sons 1 the battery back is low and not great specially after lollipop upgrade 2.
NEG only one drawback that battery should be more than 2070mah.
POS battery is an issue.
NEG back is only his display is ok sound is also ok but battery is only his after full charge back is only his display is ok sound is also ok but battery is only his after full charge.
NEG good product from motorola for moto go and the ram should have been 2 go and g let is missing and battery should have been 3500 may for greater back up.
POS i'm using it 4 days ago and the battery is nice today have shared music through bluetooth to my car for about 2 hours full volume then in the job i was listening music from cells maybe 4 hours(wifi enabled navigable about 1 hour.at the end of the day cell battery consumption was less then 25%.
NEG i buy this phone yesterday n from that time to today i use this phone roughly but battery is good enough.i m little sad for camera.except this think the phone is just awsm.
NEG battery drains too fast with 3g.
POS and battery performance is good.
NEG battery lockup 2.
POS battery life is decent.
POS battery life is amazing.
NEG in the generation of 128gb expandable storage motorola is only providing 32gb expandable storage which is a minor con battery life-it is good enough to last you a whole day of normal usage ram-it is very less and can be clearly noticed while doing multitasking.
NEG by earlier solo mobile battery was swollen 1 and half year hence in exchange i got good branded phone.next andros version i dont know how would next version be but least i can upgrade by phone sons battery life : its less but least you can use battery save mode.you need to find ways to save battery.full day use will drain out battery in 8-10 hours war phone ; quality is average.
POS moto g i love it good battery life and good camera quality and worth of money and great shipping service and worth it.
NEG very poor quality of battery getting hot very earlier calling sound quality not good.
POS battery back is awesome.
POS if you are a little good with your usage battery is also fine enough the back covers can be replaced.
POS battery life has been superior.
NEG but the only problem it has is the battery.the battery drains too fast.
NEG him facing lot of problems with this product.it hangs,heats,battery problem.etc.the order made me regret and disappoint.
NEG shone is awesome no performance drop in like 3 to 4 months but i must say battery back is shit shit shit!!!!!!.
POS generally happy with the phone but the battery sucks.
NEG its been only a months use but 90% battery lasts me for more than a day.
NEG after all the thing i realized that the battery back should be more.
POS also battery back up and camera quality is awesome.
POS it is a best phone ever in this price range battery back is good camera quality is also good overall a best deal for this price.
NEG the battery back up is average.
NEG i bought this phone last month and i got lollipop update immediately but the phone some time hangs while opening camera and playing games also the battery back is not so good.heating issue always while charging for or games performance wise good , battery back is very average.motor please fix the heating issue.i bought this phone every thing is good but battery drains fast.that is the use of smartphone if there is no smart battery life.
NEG battery does not support when using data.
NEG battery 2070 may compare to 2000 may battery in moto go 2.i am rating it 4/5 become of battery.
POS battery life is also very good - i played modern combat for around 1 hour and the percentage drop was just 6%.
NEG but two times it got switched off , but ism sure that the battery % was 30 at that time.
NEG last battery drain.
NEG total fail this mobile battery performance very bad camera quality is not good signal strength very bad.
NEG the battery drains within a few hours sometimes dropping from 100 to 20 percent within 30 minutes.
POS all the features are good except the battery backup.
NEG more features like battery % in next 2.battery life is average and if taken care of can make this phone a great phone.
NEG battery battery is pathetic.for the volume of the calls i candle the battery ends only half day and i have to continuously keep it for charging.very not shone is heating up like a hot oven if the call is carried for 5 minutes plus almost burning my ears.finally i am very dejected with the battery performance.
NEG everything is good , but battery back up is little bit disappointment.
POS battery back is decent and will last for 1 day on moderate usage.
NEG to option for battery replacement took.
NEG by brand new hands which i purchased from flipkart 2 days ago starts heating up from the time i am using it.battery is nowhere close to how a new battery should perform.starts heating up on charging while talking etc etc i separately want to return it but flipkat customer care says that i can only replace the hands and not return it.
NEG awesome phone in its class,,though battery is a bit problem while playing games it goes down fast.but on normal usage it is very gud.so 5 stars.
NEG full battery charge is not giving more than 3.5 his 2.
NEG battery back up is very poor.i am very much trusted about battery back up.an anybody help me how i can increase the battery back up.
NEG more than average battery life.battery drops to 40% from full charge if used continuously for 4-5hours on data packet mode.
NEG his mobile will not supports to go battery back up camera and product quality is really very good after some months mike was not working for 4 times and again automatically its working god now from 1 months.
POS everything is fine except the battery.to heating even if i play high grain games.
NEG but its battery back is very poor if data is used it lasts only 5-6 his only .
NEG only complain that i have is regarding the battery.had the battery been in range of 2500-3000mah, it would have been great.
NEG recent battery life.
NEG unable to avail offer but still you are saying offer.battery back is not good.but other than battery it is good still battery is important .
POS the moto g 2 caution really mean it good service by flipkart they replace me with new one when i face a him slot issue in the first week good battery life good performance good sound sterno handy average camera average call quality high sar value.
POS battery is again good for fair usage 5.
NEG nice product as per specification battery is not up to expectation but average .
NEG but one thing that was not fine in my last 5 months of usage was the battery.also the battery was draining lastly when we play online games ratio was like if you play 10 mind in online then 10 to 15 % charge will be lost.but if you not using internet the battery serves nicely for 2 days.
NEG battery back i also not good.
POS it is giving upgrade for andros lollipop but i think its has hanging problem so i suggest that buy it become battery back is good and features are excellent so overall it is good phone.
NEG of u switch or gas on and try to find a location it will automatically switch off within 1.5 he even if the battery is 99%.
NEG but as mentioned by many battery should have been upgrade.
NEG battery back up is below average.
NEG but motorola needs to improve on battery back up the battery is kind okay.
NEG i ordered this phone during diwali.the phone is working good as the camera its good.to increase the battery life drain the battery on purchase then charge fully and again drain it repeat it for 3 days.battery stand by improves.worthable for this price.
NEG battery charges very slowly.takes.battery drains quickly even if you are not using internet.
POS battery backup.
NEG they could have increase the battery ah.
NEG it would have been better if the battery was removable just in case the phone stopped responding for some reason.
NEG battery : lasts only 12-14 hours with normal usage (whatsapp, games internet surging etc 3.
POS the battery cant lasting whole days.
NEG you may not have to make regular trips to the service centre except if your facing issues with battery and charging in general.the causes of my charging issues not using motorola charge draining the entire battery before putting in charge overnight charging.
NEG vice battery backup.
NEG i have to say the first night i used it it seemed like that i received a defective piece with poor earphone volume poor speaker volume and a really bad battery.however its been almost 10 days now and the battery is a powerhouse, i have to say.
NEG his phone has very bad battery & the phone overheard till 61 c !!!.
POS and the battery dries up easily twice a day have to recharge.
POS best honest amazing featueres,camera is good,battery is also good sturdy reliable product.
NEG long battery 2.
NEG i am using this smart phone from past 3 months the battery back up is poor if i started using internet for 3 to 4 hours the battery is reduces to 60% & i am using a pp called clean master it will also not working to retain charging.
NEG well thought that i m going to have a good phone.but after a few days it sucks.not only the performance even the battery back also suddenly dropped.but the only plus point is its camera and its sound built.
NEG by and and rd day started noticing the battery usually was taking more time to get charged fully,around 5-6 hours.and.also draining of the battery was faster within 6-8 hours.replaced it with new one and when i checked its battery again it was still taking around 4 hours to charge.again.
NEG all directly come to pro and sons of this very good phone gros - * value for money * not much of heating issue unlike most of the andros phone * smooth interface * upgradeable to lollypop * almost native andros * dual him and good speakers * decent camera * feels sturdy sons - * pathetic display.
NEG all features are god in this phone but battery life is too short and sometimes there is also some speaker problem while calling.
POS very good sound system battery good but not best.heating problems.
POS and battery performance is average.
POS 1)everything is fine except battery.
NEG the only problem is its battery takes almost 4 hours to get charged by its original charge on the other hand on using galaxy y charges it takes 2:30 to 3 hours to charge.
NEG the battery back up of this mobile is just useless it drains fast.
POS by biggest worry was and is the non-replaceable battery.otherwise battery life seems good so far.
POS battery back up is fair enough good conductivity etc flipkart is smart as always in meeting the delivery timelines.
NEG happen while playing clash of clan and it so struggle to return to the main menu but 1 thing i real love is battery life unto 1.7day.
POS the battery back is average with dual him but the word in the air is about a great improvement in battery performance after the lollipop upgrade 5.
NEG battery not my first set replaced the second one worked for couple of months and now has the same issue takes london time to charge nearly his for full charge can you believe this??.very sluggish has pathetic battery.
POS battery life is good(except while playing heavy games 6.
NEG his time problem was with battery its battery drained within a day without any use.
NEG battery consumption during standby is very poor.even the day to day battery performance is poor.
NEG battery back up is not good at all 2.
POS good product with good specifications.camera is good also pure andros stick so no hanging of phone.but if you r a long time battery user than it may disappoint you because its battery last only for a day.
NEG only concern is battery life which wont last whole day for heavy usage.
NEG i have brought this product a month ago product is good day or an half day battery some time(if google was upbraiding the phone y they didst thought about bigger battery???????).
POS nice product with great features and awesome display the battery could have been a bit better but never mind its only ask.
NEG ============== disadvantages ============= no task manager no clarity of back camera non removable battery no datacable provided network problems large icons battery back not good.
NEG the only thing is the battery.i wish they had a battery of higher amp-hr rating.
NEG however as has been rightly pointed out by many the battery life is pathetic.hence for that purpose i have been experimenting about various steps that one can take to ensure satisfactory battery backup.and my battery life increased twofold.
POS * battery life.
NEG good to buy for this price but the only draw back is build battery .
NEG battery back up can say average had to charge every night.
NEG the only drawback is battery life .
NEG the battery indicator is not working properly and it sometimes does not boot properly.
NEG ought moto g and men from flipcart, and i made biggest mistake in my life battery life was hardly 3 hours and i had charge mobile 4 times in day.also cell was heating a lot that it can burn my skin i had to carry mobile in my bag rather than in my pocket.
NEG i am not having any problems with the battery backup.when mobile data is kept on without restricting background data usage battery gets drained in about 20 his.
NEG everything is ok but this phone has very poor battery backup.they have just raised the price by calling it moto g and men otherwise it doesn have any thing new and unique am strictly using this phone on battery saving mode and also i have ordered for a power bank after two days of the purchase.
NEG after the updation the lolipop version there has a lot of hanging problem and battery back was very lo.
NEG delivered in two days.phone is working fine.you can do many activities at once and phone doesn hang.battery life is also good.you can go a full day and a half while using phone moderately.takes approve 90 minutes to fully charge.no heating problem in charge.
POS for my usage battery lasts one full day even after extreme usage.
NEG * battery draining out too quickly even after disabling most of the google pp services.even the battery waver mode is not helping.* sometimes battery charges shows up completed within 15-20 mind.
NEG it has got a non-removable battery but that is not an issue for me.battery life its a bit early to comment could have been better but that is not a downside as per me.there are no heating issues while playing games.
POS battery is great.
NEG if u r a game den dis is only for u at dis price.no heating issue after playing asplahlt 8 for 4 continuous hours.
NEG i had earlier bought a moto g for 11,999 which had two major manufacturing defects (1) sound quality when speaking to anyone including flipkart; and (2) battery began to show bulges within a week of delivery.after heating for a month whether to or not to i made up my mind added 1,000 to the kitty and ordered for moto g and men for 12,999 say 13,000 those 999s are deceptive his time as i opened the back cover to put in sim cards i noticed the battery isn any more visible.result user canst keep a watch if the battery is drying up too soon to be acceptable.
POS good phone nice built good battery.i have bought this mobile as you gave this offer if not i would not have bought it like heating me.
NEG when i charge completely battery goes down very quickly.
POS good battery life good performance.
NEG i may have just gotten a bad phone but with 1200 may battery meant for its predecessor which is significantly smaller battery life is as expected.the camera is great for taking pictures of textbook pages and wherever there is a lot of light.i have found it can have a surprising amount of webpages and apes open at a time but i think the phone pauses the apes to its best ability while in the background.up until recently the battery has been acting like an end-of-contract iphone, and it has been over heating.
POS battery life is superb .
NEG right from the beginning it is giving so much of trouble as it is not giving proper signal and main important thing is not even hearing the oncoming voice calls and getting heating as soon as fast.
NEG everything is good except the battery back is not good.
NEG the only issue is as usual for android phone - battery time.
NEG recent battery performance.
NEG i am just using wi-fi still battery drain within 2 hrs.
NEG device heating very highly when taking videos.
NEG have noticed severe drop in battery life.
NEG all the reviewed who complained about the battery i must say you guns are true.
POS excellent mobile phone lollipop at its best battery is a concerned very fast response with all functions.
POS battery performance is good.
NEG battery back up is too low.even fully charged battery is providing only 5 to 6 hours.
NEG must lacks in battery life but still loving it!!!!.
POS his is my first andros mobile very much satisfied with the performance display is good very much handy camera quality is outstanding good sound quality no phone laws little problem with battery back and also charging waiting for the andros 5(lollipop).
NEG but at first they delivered a defective product with speaker problem and worst battery life.
NEG battery dies within 12 hour to hero percent.
NEG shone heat up very fast very difficult to talk for long time his any one can u pus tell me how to increase the battery back.
NEG i brought this phone 1 month before and it have him card shots problems network conductivity problems hanging problem and also battery problems.
NEG some time mobile heating,many times net not working.when.
NEG its amazing.works great battery last more than a day.easy to use.works properly on movistar venezuela.
POS battery life is better than expected and easily gets me though a day.
NEG absolutely to heating issue even after extensive usage like playing games watching video etc 4.battery life with normal usage the battery easily last a complete day 5.
NEG shone is good but battery back is too low need to upgrade with new power back .
POS battery issue and camera guilty is also very nice.
NEG at the same time door battery backup.charging 8 to 10 his only withstand.without any browsing all making., must like a standby time.while rose or all making battery lockup is very poor.
NEG i bought new moto g mobile and it has defeated battery when i raised request to flipkart they said that seller rejected the request.
POS will update the in use it for a few days!update: works good on lollipop, just ran a little faster off battery and some features are removed like face unlocking.
NEG phone is getting heating up if am using phone more then he.the battery back is not at all good.
NEG volume call quality etc. battery life is sons even with battery save turned on.
NEG only battery quality too much poor.
POS positive looks good battery life ok easy to use dram is ok negative 1.8 up camera not so good.only one problem is battery charging take 3hr.
NEG battery sucks if you use internet continuously it will drain in 5 hours .battery is big drawback in this phone .the person who is looking for good battery back up this phone is not for them .battery takes 3.5 hours to get charge fully , it sounds like i am charging phone more than i am using it .
NEG battery runs out a little faster than i would like but totally worth it.
NEG i bought this phone and its battery is very disappointing for me.with out a good battery .
NEG - battery back not so impressive.it gives average battery life.
NEG when i get my first peace the battery drained up like anything.
NEG only disadvantage with this phone dual him + internet usage your battery will die very fast .also battery chagrin is slow.i donne about other phone battery backup.data also i tried to optimism the usage for better battery backup.
NEG the phone has everything you just want full of features and classifications.the battery of this phone must need to increased.not poor but good battery very good feature just introduced in it is the printing module added in it.so you can connect to your printer with moto g by getting if facility and print your document from any where in home.micro - him facility must be discarded by the company its a good headache for me.
NEG not this mobile on with apr'15, but battery back is very poor.
NEG good display battery not good only 1 day use longer time charge cam is good. . .
NEG everything is awesome except the battery .also the battery will drain out in 6 to 7 hours if you use internet.
NEG however the second piece that has been supplied is hopeless as the battery drains out in no time even when the mobile is not being used.
POS battery will be discharged in 1 day if used internet it will discharge more fast.
NEG poor battery.
NEG heating up battery discharge frequently.
NEG although application opens fast but the display and battery life is very bad.
NEG battery backup: i felt bad battery back 6.
NEG it could be very better if the battery capacity is around 3050mah.
NEG but battery could have been better.
NEG i using this phone more than 3 months worst battery life i hate this phone due to discharge of battery too fast.i bought this due to performance and also for battery life.im going to moto care due to worst battery life.they must take a action for this performance another any of them tell who can i do???.for increase the battery life :-(.
POS sons has a 1 go ram compared to asus's 2 go with lollipop upgrade battery performance increases significantly very stable stock andros system no network issue camera is surprisingly good well built and comfortable in hand very satisfied nearly 6 months in use.
NEG his has serious battery draining issue.
POS has good battery back up and goods quality camera.during.
NEG overall good mobile with cost but one can put little more money (1-2k) and get same features better sonya mobile where battery life is good.very bad battery backup, motorola must work on it.also if battery goes bad then its attached to body can replace battery.
NEG the battery!!!.it 7.00 pm i have 58% battery and i was home the entire time with almost zero phone calls!!!.
POS every aspect of this phone is excellent except the battery which almost dies in five hours on connected to wife but normal usage is still fine nine hours but still this phone is the best.
POS and even the features are good and by and and rd day started noticing the battery usually was taking more time to get charged fully,around 5-6 hours.and.also draining of the battery was faster within 6-8 hours.
POS battery (yes, all that u have heard about battery is absolutely correct have to charge it minimum 2 times a day.
POS even the battery life is really good.
NEG when we will charged battery show within 2 min 100% charging.
POS can be improved further by battery sabers.
NEG i have purchased from lip cart and using since last three days and found battery getting drained very fast.worst experience for bad battery back up.
NEG from the day i got my phone i m facing the issue regarding battery and speaker battery drains very early and sound quality is very bad while calling someone secondly motorola service is worse(jaipur service center ) they gave me my phone in 14 days.to add it more after service , camera flash is also not working his battery and sound problem is very common and seeing their service i will highly recommend not to buy this phone.
NEG battery drains quickly.
NEG the battery is really very very bad and it is not worth the money.
NEG st time i ordered the phone and the one i received has battery issues.
POS the only con i find it right now is that the battery performance is bit average.
NEG i bought it 1 month before i had problems with speaker and battery.
NEG vice phone for given money smart phone do have heating problem and moto is not the unique one.it does the heating problems.
POS good product but as per cost ram must be 2gb and battery enhanced.
NEG noticing heating while playing games and battery gets discharged in less than a day/half a day(when data is on).
POS battery life is definitely not what i expected after 8 hours of moderate use it legs for its charge.
POS good battery backup.very.
NEG its my first androind mobile i was really excited to have it its been 1 week with moto g.i m having some problems its battery back is not at all good as u mentioned .
POS battery is ave could have given better but rest features good and awesome device.
NEG now am getting only 6-7 hours battery back and its taking more than 4 his to charge 100%.
NEG motorola's claim of 1 day battery is also not true.
NEG the battery back is very slightly lesser than the st although it is hardly noticeable.
NEG everything is good but the battery sucks.battery drains when it is in standby mode took.would have given 5 stars if battery back was good enough.
NEG good phone.but it is giving a low battery back up than geneva s850 and camera quality is also little bit less than geneva s850.
NEG advantages : advantages are everything except the battery.battery 3.).battery 4.).though you using it or not battery will drain soon.
NEG with in 3 months i face camera problem.bt i didn repaired it after that i face battery problems battery is not getting charged.
NEG moto g ing mobile have the major issue is battery back problem .
POS huge mobile now battery power hangs on middle of full movie watch.
NEG battery performance very less compare to other samsung/sony product display not good.
NEG people even mistake it for a samsung galaxy phone sometimes that how good it looks!update - december 21im still very much impressed with the phone just wanted to add a couple of things i noticed:1) it now takes a little longer to charge from 0 to 100% - 2 hours versus 1.5 when new;2) the battery doesn last as long as when i bought it but still close to a full day with moderate/heavy use pages load just a bit slower;3) the camera is really very good.
NEG i would have given 5 stars if the battery is replaceable.
NEG vice for a value - 5'display 720p sons battery can be improved.suggested to use battery save apes like easy battery saver".
NEG to battery backup.heating like a iron box.i tried to remove the back panel to separate the battery but no use.
NEG it only takes charge to the battery when it wants.
POS battery got drained also.
NEG battery life is good but heat unto uncomfortable levels.
NEG the battery last two days for my kind of usage.
NEG battery though the same size battery should be a drawback but it serves more than what one can think.
NEG when battery back is very poor.
POS gros : much-improved camera strong battery life solid well-built design excellent value for money will edit my review for cost if i come across with one.
NEG after lollipop update it work smooth am management is improved but android 4.4.4 is better battery life note;- lollipop update u must wipe ache clear.
NEG i had already used samson core and samson s and micromax canvas.moto g and very best compare the n other best internal storage and user friendly and battery back very good.camera is too god also the front speakers very attractive.i m so satisfied by this mobile i love moto g 2nd.
NEG shone seems quite fragile and battery back is pathetic.
NEG mobile very good.no lag.no heat in mobile.i got lollipop update on 23/01/2015 little bit improvement in battery.earlier it use to drain battery very fast.after lollipop update battery is not draining fast.
NEG only con is that battery drains very fast.but all recommend i i instead of this phone because of his massive battery power battery back and performance.
NEG must one thing that i want to mention is battery life is not that much good as i expected.
NEG battery life is terrible even on 2g, with wife bluetooth off.i used the moto e for 8 months which had a fantastic battery and performance and upgrade to moto g and men thinking this was a step up but it isn't.
NEG i beams by phone gets other and battery temperature increases in no time while speaking.only thing for which am scared is temperature.
NEG i recently bought two and one of them had an extremely short battery life down to 17% in 24 his who any use but had no problem getting a replacement from amazon within a couple of days.
NEG the battery was running out very fast and we are facing big difficulty by this.
NEG great price.cons:- james like blood brothers and charge heroes delete the battery in an hour or two.the battery takes longer too charge than my you dash.
POS mobile phone great display with morning gorilla glass 3 protection which is great feels very good in hands battery life is very good.
NEG mitka was fine but lollipop ruined the phone very baggy & horrible battery , battery drains very fast even on airplane mode almost 10% in an hours even if all apes are closed & phone is on airplane mode.
POS battery life is great - i can almost get away with charging mine every other night.
POS good features at right price.long battery life & quick charging.
NEG very little heating after continuous usage.
POS people who want quality , performance , proper service battery life conductivity and pure andros experience this is the best buy at this price range.
NEG to problem at all!battery life:---------------it's a little disappointing that motorola went with the same sized battery at 2070 mah.his phone will get you through a full day with average use.but if they come out with an lte model later like 2013), they better bump the battery up to at least 2200 mah.his helps phone like moto g a lot.pros:- fig bright 5 inch 720p display (yes, i count 720p as a pro for battery life super cheap price tags reasonable performance degraded 8mp camera great front facing speakers though they may distort a bit at highest volume there great for casual couture sessions microsd expansion slotcons:1.
NEG easy to use 5 battery average.
NEG after update to 5.0 many applications started to restarted battery some days used to drain out fully in half day.otherwise also battery never stays above a day with minimum use also.
NEG i find battery life fantastic.nowadays battery back also not good wouldn recommend anybody to buy this worst ever phone.
NEG it shows exact battery level after mobile is switched of and started again.
NEG 5 long lasting battery 6 android version 5.0.2 (lollipop) update available.
NEG good battery to hangs while playing games.not of time to charge the mobile and after charging very soon u will receive low battery alert.
NEG battery drains a little faster.
NEG again heating problem at rear camera.today's(4th may experience heating problem is same it becomes very hot at rear camera after 10 mind usage.heating heating heating.this heating problem is irritating & burning my hand after every 10 - 15 mind of usage.
NEG then cut the 15% when the battery save start.this phone is great if you can a some compromise on camera function.the back of the design is a great and cut.
NEG to battery backup, discharges in 3 hours.
NEG i have ordered this phone during big pp shopping days and after receiving it everything was good except battery backup.suddenly battery drains even if we are not using anything.
POS to far the only issue i found is its battery life it only lasts for a day otherwise everything is perfect.
NEG battery is not strong enough to survive one day of moderate usage.
POS good battery back up.
NEG the battery life is poor.of you switch on mobile data for the whole day and turn on whatsapp and email only the battery will go off even before the end of the day honestly no heating issues etc.
NEG 3 a 24 he battery on g usage.
NEG gros : really fast , nice battery ( i am surprise it lasted for 3 days - with like use .absolutely no heating.
POS battery is pretty decent & it comes for a whole day with normal usage.however one can change their auntie from davis to art in developer option for better battery response.
NEG though moto g and gen is looking good and cut the battery back up is very poor not even withstanding for 8 hours use.his is really justification to the customers want to know how we have to replace the battery please and its cost of the battery please.
NEG battery life is good i can get two days on charge - but as mentioned this is likely from my limited use.
NEG the only point where it lacks slightly is the battery backup, which could have been better.
NEG the battery back is not at all unto mark.
NEG after using the phone for 5-7 days i experienced major technical faults with the phone like the battery was draining way too fast.moreover the phone switched off and the battery drained to 0 percent in 1 see from 81 percent.
POS but found my battery drained up fast and also takes lot of time to get full charged.
POS battery back up is so poor hangs sometimes except this phone is good display quality is good camera are good.
NEG well i found out that the battery lasted quite well with heavy usage it gave me about 5 to 6 hours of battery backup.
NEG using it is a nightmare the battery drains so quickly this thirty phone hangs like anything every time bought it for 13 grands and within 2 weeks it came down to 10 grands.
NEG the battery back is very low less than 4 his with minimum usage and the speaker is giving some sound all time even when phone not in use.
NEG no backing and no sudden heating up it hanged only once in the past 10 months.battery goes on for almost 12 hours at a stretch with g usage all day.
NEG worst battery back up without using battery starts to drain mobile data is not connecting while speaking automatically going on hold for problems in am facing what to do dont know i ask replacement to flipkart they told to wait for days.
POS battery is very good.
NEG battery should have been increased.
POS mobile is good worth for the money battery back is 1 day.
NEG how incorrect battery percentage how much charge exist.
POS for battery full marks.smooth operation.camera is definitely not the best but it is more than good.
POS battery back too low but charge the battery he take 3 to 4 his over all moto g experience is good.
NEG must perfect and as i have seen earlier review regarding battery issue i dont have any problem like that as my phone easily run by one time charge.
NEG but the battery is really disappointing.once i was travelling and was using this phone for gps navigation to my surprise battery was empty within few hours.
NEG after one week later i found hectic handing issue and heating issue with my phone and i called flipkart c again.
POS gros fig display speakers are loud n clear good call quality west in performance no lagging till now bones battery performance is average camera quality is average.
POS overall mobile design performance battery etc is good and its value for money from motorola.
NEG only sons i can talk about are ~ first the battery.in heavy usage using internet battery can lasts unto 7-8 hours.
NEG performance wise it is excellent but only problem is draining the battery.it drains battery very fast even with lollipop updated there is no improvement in battery after update with lollipop.its became slow please dont update to lollipop wait for 5.1 version.
NEG when i opened the box and saw my phone.really awesome experience.look wise,performance wise.very good phone.display is really good.it's battery lasts only for one day.and if you use heavily then will have to charge two times a day overall moto g is awesome.
NEG the battery is not draining on standby.the battery also lasts for unto one and half days on moderate usage whatsapp - 1-2 hours checking facebook 2-3 times a day browsing internet for 1 hours voice calls 1 hours video play back - 1 hours using camera for 15-20 min ) 6.
NEG only thing is that battery charges very slowly and discharges fast.
NEG i wish the battery life could have been better.
POS i bought this for my sister and she pretty much satisfied with this fone.it even got lollipop update.the is nice doesn lag.it had battery issues but after lollipop update that issue got solved.
POS a higher may battery must needed.
NEG battery the battery back is indeed low.
NEG i will give 4 star because battery is only lasts for 1 day ice on total using of 6 to 7 hours without playing d or racing game.
POS battery back up is nice.depends on what we do with our honest.
NEG sons battery back is not that great.
NEG good battery life .if it is removable battery it is good for typical indian.
NEG love it awesom hands in my budget battery back good camera awesom display awesom response awesom looks awesom games mast had santa bus time nasi milka thank motorola and also to flipkart for delivering this in just 3 days.
NEG but in the second new one i have purchased i faced heating issue and some problem on speaker.
POS the wall charging unit provided by moto is heating like anything.conclusion happy with overall performance only drawback is its battery and heating .
NEG but the problem ism facing is the battery drains way quicker than usual.
NEG it is an average hands some basic features are missing like call recording video calling and poor battery backup.
POS truly friend a very nice phone using this since 1 month.completely satisfied.battery back is normal 1 day as usual dont be afraid of its battery rate it 5 stars.amazing shone in comparison to other same budget honest.
NEG by samsung gs3 served me well for 2 years but off late had become very baggy and the battery life had become quite bad.i purchased a new 2250 ah battery from raw but that did not help much.it seems the phone needed more battery after all the upgrade.good battery life can last through the day 2.
POS this is best mobile in its range ,,,,exluding battery problem.lollipop just drinks charging.
NEG the battery is the lifetime of any phone especially if it were to be a smartphone.
NEG the most important issue or should i say the major con of this device is its battery.the former st gen moto g had the same 2070 may battery which the phonemaker should have increased but unfortunately it did'nt.to the battery lasts for a closely fair 1 day upon your usage.
POS 3200 may battery its pretty good shone.
NEG after 3-4 usage i found that the battery does not last even half a day.i have charged 100% in morning and by the evening at 5-6pm , the battery drains out completely.motorola is a trusted grand everything is perfect in this phone except for the battery.i am very disappointed with the battery life.to battery i give 0 start even chinese phone have better battery.of you need better battery simply go for a micromax into or foka gumma 730.
NEG battery back up is worst when internet is on.
NEG the phone is working well but my battery cannot last it for at least one day with minimum usage of you travel long with this phone definitely you need to carry power back up so bit irritating.
NEG overall this phone can handle your daily tasks as long as you dont go crazy and the battery life will last almost a full day of you are not a crazy power user.final thoughts that is pretty much the end of my review and the moto g is a great budget phone for people who need a back or who are just trying to save some money but still want a great phone.
NEG the only con i faced is battery.i still dont understand my bands limit the battery power so much .so if u love battery capacity this phone is not for up other then that the phone is v nice.
POS strangely enough the phone has occasional issues with the battery level indicator.
POS battery back up is oka.
POS moto g as name suggest its nice motto it really good to bye this mobile i got this product in discount of 1250,display camera everything is nice am enjoying it battery 16hr u will get.
NEG hello all his is a pathetic product from motorola, it is very slow in response and has very poor battery back up.i got the product delivered on with may 2015 and today ice 24/08/2015 ice within 3 month i am facing battery issue.the battery hardly lasts for 4-5 hours even if you are not using it and your wife etc are off.
POS the sound quality is excellent battery life is great and camera takes superb pictures.that said him singing it by one star just because i find it a little sluggish.
NEG very low battery back moto g and gen.
NEG battery last whole day(again not for heavy users.
NEG in much depressed with battery back up.
NEG i am using moto g2.its battery back very weak and other features are very good.camera quality ropchik.
POS non-removable battery.
NEG worssstttt battery backup.
POS great interface superb camera and long-lasting battery.
NEG worst quality phone worst battery backup.
NEG also the battery drains heavily.must care says if you have mobile data and wifi, on.the battery drains heavily but this down happen on the moto-e or moto go.
NEG previously used samsung galaxy grand though there were minimal problems i faced with it when i st saw this phone speck i just fixed my mind blandly to go up with this mobile seriously satisfied with the every aspect of mobile felt like there would have been a better battery performance not 2070mah though anything more than that would do the thing actually.
NEG in i have purchased moto g 2 on with feb'15 after some days of using i noticed that while charging it take 3 to 4 hour for 100% battery charging.
NEG nice battery back , improved after lollipop!.
NEG about products to doubt the product is good except battery not recommended for intense user.
NEG i have got moto g and men through flipkart and on the same may its started to give problem like its heated up like often rock taking 16-17 hours to full battery charge its picture quality and led flash is so poor in compare to other lower cost mobile pictures are with reddish shade.i got very funny expert comments from flipkart technical team that heating of phone is a common phenomena and they can do anything.
POS camera is good and front camera is also good battery will last 10 to 12 hours.
POS the display is bright enough for regular use but dim enough to conserve battery when need be.
NEG i ordered this mobile for my brother he is happy with the cheap and best features of the mobile but the only issue is battery backup.i wish they offered good battery backup.
NEG just one small drawback if the battery would have been more powerfully.
POS good product , but drains battery very fast.
NEG line mobile but battery back is very low maximum 5 hours i am unhappy for battery.
NEG the battery performance is very worst.the battery drained fast when mobile network is switched on.
NEG awesome phone.don't hesitate to buy it.good battery backup, awesome camera at such a low price :)))))))))).i had doubt on its battery performance but even after using for whole day with heavy usage it last for whole day.
NEG but i dont like less in build apes & very poor battery life.
NEG but in term of battery it is not so good motorola has to put some extra effort on battery to resolve battery issue.
NEG battery is average no so good back like nokia.
POS battery back is good.
NEG battery very poor [12hrs] 7.
NEG battery charging time is more than 3 and a half hours and if you use internet while charging then it will take more than 4 hours to charge assuming start from 10 - 15 % of battery.problem is only with battery.
NEG the battery life is a whole another story.after a full 100% recharge, the phone battery keeps draining itself.the battery just lasts for 3-5 hours top using net,social media apes and music.i had to sign out of all social media apes and switch off the net to save battery but then what is the use of a smart phone.people have written reviews saying that their phone battery has lasted up to a whole day if not more using everything.
NEG battery life is pathetic.the battery actually drains even if i play while charging otherwise battery will empty within an hours.several hours of charging for full battery.design verdict i am utterly disappointed in how limiting the battery is.
NEG battery last long very long compared to s3.
NEG battery is below average.while browsing in 3g, phone is heating up.when using gps navigation phone getting low battery in 3 hours.
NEG took dull battery dont purchase .
NEG disadvantages - which we can see normally in other smartphones as well battery - this is also cool i use the wife or internet almost hours a day and battery lasts for 1 day i would suggest you guns to download the battery doctor pp which helps a bit.please judge on the battery after 3-5 days of your buying.
NEG his i bought this telephone and give been using it around a weeks i also want to say i had moto x st gen after buying this one this telephone is really slow and get stuck a lot battery last around half day and the power button came broken i do not recommend buying this cellphone, is cheap and maybe it has great features but its really not worth dont water your money.
NEG and in case of wife user it will give poor battery performance.
NEG though battery life a bit short.but takes very less time to charge.it comes with a lolipop andros v5.0.2.
NEG battery performance is not good.
NEG worst mobile to battery life , less than 12 hours.
NEG using g network battery will end at end of the day.
POS battery is good shone is also available in andros lolipop version.
NEG battery back up is not as expected to far him not facing heating issues.else try for cava really good camera quality no heating issues no hanging issues.
NEG performance is very nice but battery is very poor.
NEG good battery life overall i am not disappointed by this second purchase from motorola.
NEG battery life.
NEG all the features are very good and useful except battery back-up.if your heavy use if net then you need to charge battery 3 times in day is only a drawback.
NEG battery lockup door / cheap earphones in box.
NEG only problem is battery backup.
NEG even for browsing mind battery sucks for regular use unnecessary motorola default apes to blame eating up ram battery.
NEG camera is awesome both front and back but some times music player got struck and start should be required battery will be expected 1.5 days but for charging it takes more time like 4 hours this is the disaster of the phone.
NEG i dont have too much of a problem only if the battery thing would be solved the phone would be the best.
POS battery is suddenly decrease.
POS the battery is also good enough.
POS battery disappoints me a bit.
NEG everything is good the color sound and much more things but the battery back is not god at all if you would go for internet surging the battery turns up to the low level.
NEG battery i use whatsapp, facebook, brows checking email over built in email pp less gazing couture playback less frequently always wife on and 1-2hrs of calling.with this usage my mobile battery long lasts more than 24hrs.
NEG to heating issues.the only trouble is that the phone battery drains real fast and also takes years to charge.
NEG since day one the phone battery has been troubling me.it takes at least 4 hours of continuous charging to get fully charged and even after charging fully battery hardly lasts for a day.i was told by customer care executive that it is normal for any andros phone to take 4 hours to charge and battery back up of a day is normal took.customer care executive also advised me not to use third party applications as it consumed more battery.
POS good battery back with any hanging issue.decent camera.
NEG days before only i bought moto g and gen it was having lot of problems (toooo much heating battery back up also not god & call season also afterthat i gave the replacement request till now in not getting my replacement mobile already 4 days over they dont response me that y nobody wont by the product on this web site.
NEG whereas one of moto g2's highlight features was that the battery runs for 24hrs!!!.worst battery service i have seen in any andros phone of its genet.
NEG and battery performance is not that much good.
NEG biggest issue is pathetic battery.
POS you can do anything since you can detach battery.
NEG one drawback the battery life is quite poor when connected to the iii , but its so the case in many other android bones took.
NEG i bought this moto g on web st 2015, battery is drying so quickly and its not charging properly.i am unable to use my phone properly it has the battery charging issue where i am unable to charge it for least 50% even after hours of charging.
POS battery back is also good .
NEG recent battery life of 24+ hours with 3.5+ hours of on-screen time.
NEG first phone gets low back battery after updated shone gets best backup.
NEG even my brothers black merry mobile canst beat the camera clarity of moto go but battery last only one day only.but remaining all are perfect we have put 2,3 hours charge that enough.
NEG but it always gives problems over heating and no battery backup.
NEG battery back is not good for power usage and ok for normal usage!!!.
NEG recent battery life - i get 3-3.5 hours of on-screen time with 22+ hours on single charge on single sim.almost same as s 6.battery non-removable - if your device stops responding u may have a tough time overall it is a budget phone which will definitely not disappoint.
NEG the battery was disappointing took.
NEG i want 2 ask a question that what is the use of a smartphone man without a good battery.battery is shit.
NEG battery just comes for a 1.5 days for moderate user with wifi and g always enabled of the battery would have been more than 2500 mah, would have been very good.
POS battery lasts unto one day.
NEG i ordered the moto g on the first day and had some issue with the battery and flipkart replaced it without much hassle.
NEG most of the review i read told me that the shone display is not so great or that the battery wont last long and that the phone over heat !.people who have used it for a month now , finally giving the new phone a rest --- > battery might last a whole day , of you are at work and rarely get time to play around with the phone when him sure it will last an entire day .battery would have been better .
NEG great speakers always have reception day-plus of battery life good back camera and feels natural.the phone is heavy which i prefer however for a smaller hand it may be too weary.
NEG battery back is just awesome but it tents to vary.sometimes i get like 12-15hrs and sometimes 30 his.
POS battery drains fast while using internet.but it is normal with all andros devices you will get treat a day back one moderate usage.
NEG ->cameras are great the worst thing about the phone is the battery back up.battery drains like anything.
NEG i purchased this product on january2015 and after 4 months battery is draining very fast.
POS battery back up is also good.
NEG sky so the phone is quite good laws sometimes but you can fix that with clean master download from playstore) anyway lollipop takes a lot of battery you may know but i have used the moto e must genu for 1 years and 4 months with lollipop, with 1990 may but still i dont get as bad battery life as this phone.this phone battery life is pathetic.in andros 4.4, the battery lasted an entire day.so i suggest u download something as simple as nova launched because goose now and goose pp it self takes a lot of battery.a way temporary way to fix the problem is to go to recovery mode and clear the ache partition which you can look up on couture or yakov answers anyway all in all the phone is good but the battery drained this review you can hardly use like a normal phone.
NEG battery sucks big time on this particular device.occasional heating of the phone.
NEG over all performance is good but i am very disappointed with battery back is very poor.
POS battery backup, camera interface all is good.
NEG the phone feels nice and apart from the terrible awful battery life - it has almost never last me the entire day - it worked pretty well.if you buy it dont upgrade and get a battery pack.
POS battery back is fare.
NEG after a week of use sons : battery .
POS the battery holds for the whole day.
NEG i am using it from last one month and the only issue faced is the amount of battery it consumed.
POS vice performance and good battery back up.
POS this phone has outstanding performance the only problem with this phone is its battery backup.battary.
NEG of u r used to setting own tones then no , no file manager , can set or own ringtone alarm tone message tone interface wise good and but battery is just okay.
NEG but it lacks only one thing that is battery.
POS battery life is average-ish.
NEG gros camera 4.5/5 performance 5/5 seat issue - to 4/5 battery 3/5 trains quickly if data plan is active round 4/5 video 4/5 took 4/5 looks quite bulky for those users who just want a good phone with great performance and camera.go with it.
POS battery back : 1 day with internet and 2 days with normal use.
NEG , for a hard more camera there is a battery problem only.
NEG its really the best among its price but one thing i am unsatisfied is about its battery life .
NEG the only con what i felt is built battery which is not detachable like other mobile.to we have be careful of battery life.
POS extremely good battery.battery performance is average (expand).
NEG battery gets drained whether you use the phone or not the dealer pp is slower then my micromax phone.
NEG to not go for this products i am having lots of problem like hanging heating and poor battery back with this device even flipkart customer support is not useful any more the do not rely what problems i am facing.maximum heating hemp is 45 and my device is around 42 or 43, but they are oh with that.i canst place phone close to my ear due to heating problem but flipkart is ok with that because pp does not show them phone is heating.
NEG battery lasts me a couple days of light to normal use.
POS battery.
NEG highly disappointed due to this poor performance of the battery.i have used old moto g and performance of battery is best one.but in moto g and genu after full charged and even we didn use internet we could see battery getting discharged and can withstand unto the.
NEG the only drawback of the product is very poor/weak battery.it takes 3-4 hours for battery to charge 100% and the full charged battery does not last for 7-8 hours.
NEG the battery last for 5-6 hours only and it gets heated very quickly.
NEG you also dont have any slot to plug in a pair of earphones to listen to music n stuff.a workaround for this would be to use a bluetooth enabled headset.meaning go tireless :)nevertheless, d still rate it 5 for its super voice quality and battery life!!!.
POS 5)the battery performance is average.
NEG it seems that motorola is dumping off a bad batch of moto g bones as most of the people who are using this shone i know are facing similar issue with the battery.there isn any definite answer as to if you would get the product replaced or that the battery gets replaced.
NEG last but not least battery charging took around 4 his which i think is too much to wait.
POS overall the phone is good with a battery life of a day good speakers.
NEG its battery life is very poor fully charged battery hardly last for 3-4 hours without using it for communication purposes.
NEG battery sucks and it gets heated so quickly when charging do not know if flipkart delivered to me a defeated products.
NEG only minus point it is the battery last for one day only.so main point is to improve is the battery.
NEG next day without using internet i just used for playing games listening songs and others for maximum time the battery lasted for a day.sincere request to motorola to somewhat concentrate on battery.his phone is awesome, i played games continuously for an hours the battery drained only 5-8%.to heating problems simply good in all perceptive.
NEG door battery.
NEG i purchased moto g from ws-retail and there is heating problem of phone with in 2 days of use , i requested flipkart team to resolve the issue.
NEG fixed battery again a problems.
NEG + the battery might take 4-5 days to get adjusted so please wait for 4-5 days and then use and comment on battery life.+ battery life around 24hrs with mixed usage.
POS the battery life is okay but gets drained faster with wife on.motorola has done a good job with this phone and i would definitely recommend this phone to any age.battery stays one day with rough use.good battery life very little bloatware.battery is okay.
POS because the battery is built so that i cannot take the battery out.other than this the mobile is best.camera clarity is awesome.hd recording is also good.
NEG that i round - - battery drains quickly.- camera is not up to the mark (iphone is much better even with 8mp) - smooth running - battery drains quickly.- battery drains quickly.- shone heat when first run - battery takes ages to charge but drains quickly you must be wondering why i have repeated the same thing few times.
POS to battery backup.battery stands for one full day.
NEG battery back up was worst and phone is hanging.
POS one thing to mention is non-removable battery but its easy to live with.
NEG performance of the battery is one of the major problems of this phone,it takes 3.5 hours to get charged from 14% to 90%.also for opium use the discharge period is 7.5-8 hours.but if you use phone for high end games,continues g network and carrot multitasking,the battery life reduces to 5.5-6 hours 2.battery heat up severely.
NEG battery life : from the time jelly bean came out battery life in andros is a huge miss only and that continues still now.
POS excellent device meets the expectations you might have for a humble and cheaper phone still great at multitasking and battery performance.
NEG thanx flipkart for quick delivery vice phone only problem with battery.
POS reliable product with good battery life.
NEG battery back doesn seems good.battery charging is fast.
NEG to sons for this device except battery.because the battery is 2070mah, drains quickly.asus battery back is pathetic.except battery backup, everything is awesome in this device.
NEG most likely battery problems.
NEG vitally battery was not standard that since due to zinc of many apes and they were online.
NEG battery drains like flush.
NEG less battery lockup 2.
NEG but battery back might have been little better.
NEG i have 3 weeks testing this phone and i have to say that i had battery issues and gps issues as well (yet).i think that was the problems maybe i should have tested it before performing the update but i decided to test it.first week:-battery life just 5 hours.battery life have been improved.
NEG battery draining very fast ( using games,wifi,bluetooth in mind.battery talk time will be from am to pm regular usage with out internet and games but overall at this price point this branded mobile is good to use .
NEG the battery is poor.
NEG badly like every other phone it has some disadvantages as well st of all id battery.moto g and men has a battery of 2070 mah.battery drains out pretty fast while you use data connection little bit.while downloading if you play games still be drains out battery extremely fast.tax battery can last 16-18 hours with very moderate use.unless its cost too much battery which you canst afford.now as you can see moto g has almost everything to fulfill your demand but it lacks a strong battery power.but of you use it smartly and there are several apes in play store to save battery life which are quite useful still last enough long to serve you.
NEG terms of battery life this phone is a disappointment.him pleased with this purchase and would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a low cost android device that can handle your business.pros:* great value excellent pp selection happy performance 90% of the time not an eyesorecons:* disappointing battery life the keyboard slow down occasionally making it hard to type.
POS i ordered 2 motog2nd genet one of them is defective as well it got battery issues.
POS moto go is simply superb mobile with latest andros l updated nice battery back up.
POS good display awesome sterno speakers great camera and normal battery back makes this phone , a best buy.
NEG moto g 2 contain with all good features but the battery is not even stand for one day.charging battery will take 5 to 6 his to but not even stands for one day.please upgrade your version with good battery .
NEG it was running out of battery so i put it on charge.
NEG battery capacity of 2070 may could have been a little higher.of we use wife or play games battery life is around 6 to 8 hours.
NEG awesome mobile grm battery back up,ealily last for 2 days.games works fine.using for almost 2 months.battery back needs improvement 2.
NEG problem started from and week onwards extreme heating and restarting).the heating problem started and again requested and they rejected by saying lame things.
NEG you battery to go for htc or any other phone agar thud karay pain ha to mat khrido agar bad karay pain ha to hard sake hood.
NEG i received the product on must act the battery had 45% charge when i switched on the device for the first time.the 100% battery has drained out completely within one night.
POS build quality is awesome and battery back is average.
POS but battery one day by using internet & everything is good on it prices.
NEG ave battery backup.
POS battery is good with 20hrs back with my medium to low usage.
NEG the only down side of this phone is the battery.due to battery i am 3 star rating experience with flipkart was excellent.
NEG the battery is also something that made me skeptically at first but again the number game is at play here as well.
NEG to problems.need more battery life.
NEG not of good features but battery is where it disappoints , could have been better.
NEG to hanging mode never struck and reported good quality in minimum budget by exchange offer referred friends to buy suggestion before initial use please charge battery at least 8 hours to avoid battery problems @motorola : please give/print as a special instruction before initial use please charge battery at least 8 hours to the customers to avoid some kind of battery issues.
NEG but battery performance is very bad.
NEG only disappointment which i found is for battery back up is not as expected.
NEG battery back is kind of lower but lasts a day for me without any problem in normal usage cam is okay imp cam provides descent clarity images.which also supports panorama hdr, and 1080p video and slowmotion.
POS display is charming canst say about battery as its been just 3 his since it came.
NEG door battery of you like to be online all day this is fine.but if you wish to roam online(surfing) throughout the day battery would get dry in 6 hours.
NEG battery runs for more than or approve 24 hours if you use normally.
NEG battery drains quickly as i used with windows phone (lollipop draws power 2.
NEG i only feel they should improve on the battery it doesn last more than a day.
POS good performance good camera great battery life excellent value for money finally very happy using it post getting rid of samsung galaxy grand.
NEG of battery got exhausted it takes much time to recharge.avoid battery to be exhausted fully.standby back is not bad.
NEG the battery suck big time.others features are good but battery is bad.
NEG battery back is for max 24 hrs.it should be more.
NEG battery not property drains very fast speaker quality not good.
NEG battery back up is very low when you use grs if u dont use grs then back up is oka.
NEG but if you are looking for good battery life better choose not this.
POS battery back is good with two him cards and 3g, vocation service and wifi enabled and mix usage it lasts almost 16-18 hours which is quite good.
POS looks very stylish and very good phone for my prices and camera quality awesomee but battery performance average.
POS shone is amazing with exception to battery life.
NEG motorola should fix the battery draining issue.
NEG my 1 months experience is a battery problem of mobile 2040 not sufficient battery using moto go all of the day use all time internet will be on so battery fast be less.
NEG battery back up is not unto my expectation as per their specification.
NEG battery life is good.it has built battery slavery.
POS the battery must be more powerful one.
POS battery back is full day.
POS excellent display never bags battery back up can be slightly down side.
NEG but the product is heating abnormally after some time of use and battery drains very lastly unlike the moto g and generation owned by my friends.i want to replace it.
NEG been months since i got this phone.its quite fast and works smoothly.the only trouble i noticed(which many others have faced took have searched in goose :p)is that sometimes rarely the whole battery drains out,.
NEG during this time phone battery started draining at a faster rate.before starting recording phone battery was at 60%.after about 15-20 minutes of recording again the sluggishness and unresponsiveness appeared soon after which complete battery drained.
NEG cost heating problem is there while playing game battery drain quiet fast so at the end if your budget is tight then you can surely go for this phone.
NEG battery is draining like if you surf for 2 hours continuously you need to put charging for 3 more hours.except battery everything is very good.worst battery performance.
NEG till now faced no issues like heating or sluggish behavior.battery will surely last for 1 day if we use it when it is necessary.- battery battery is him just about oka they should have increased the battery capacity considering its a 5 inch phone.good camera clarity , voice clarity during calls was too good it gives me more than 1 day battery backup.
NEG only one drawback is battery gets 3-4 hours to charge completely and drains somewhat lastly than moto g st version.
NEG and the battery omg!!!.
NEG worst battery.
POS battery need to improved.
NEG battery needs minimum 2 times of charging a day for normal usage good only can you save you if you play game or brows.battery performance is very very very very poor.
NEG now the performance is too bad and finally about the battery consumption update is drink the charge of the battery due to the new animation style and other things.
NEG i have used many andros honest but moto go has disappointed me with respect to battery backup.the battery lasts only for 7-8 his if i have my mobile on data stand by.of you are looking for a better battery please dont go for this.
POS in all its a good impressive product and keeping aside the battery issue its a good buy in this range.
NEG after dating to android l the battery back up has improved very much 1 and half days now 1 go ram runs smoothly without last.
POS it is a good phone after all just one drawback i have faced is that battery consumption is a bit much.
NEG battery back of this model or unit received is very poor it does not withstand ever fro 2-3 his without using.
NEG in this mobile i found only one sons which is battery backup.battery back is very poor.
NEG playing games will drain the battery quickly but if you dont play games on it for long and use it mostly for other things like google maps calendar social media sites web browsing etc you'll probably make it to the end of the day with at least 20% battery left.
NEG worst mobile in my life poor battery backup.
NEG battery it gives better performance even i use it with full performance.but still u need to charge it after heavy use of 6-7 his of callings,gamings and all other stuffs.if you use it only for calling 10-12 his.
POS the camera is excellent though some heating problems are there on prolonged usage but that is to be expected.
NEG i replaced the phone due to speaker problem and received the new phone however the same has battery issue.of i switch on the data services battery drains out within 1 hours.
NEG problem of signal dropping battery life too low take too much time to get fully charge.overall it works average.
NEG battery is a little problem other than that the only word for this mobile is awesome.:) go for it.
NEG over heating and short battery life all most 4 to 5 hours.but axes of over heating of product is reducing the life of battery.the battery depleted very fast and has to be charged every few hours even if the phone is not in use and all applications are closed.
NEG 6)battery: the battery back is little disappointed me its hardly sustain for a day.
NEG 2)battery drains during internet usage.
NEG battery life is not come for 4 he.
NEG to heating problem and the best camera compare to other high end phone and the volume of the loudspeaker are really too god.only disadvantage in this mobile is with the battery.of motorola introduced the rd men with 3000ah battery then it will be the best mobile in the market.
NEG his phone has problem with battery.sometime it is overheated.third class phone waste my money.phone has heating issue.
NEG battery back very poor.
NEG camera is good battery is average it long for a day with limited use of net and unlimited music even it is 5 inch it is very handy some sort of disadvantages are there if i use my camera for a while the phone gets heated up it supports org.it should had least 2750mah battery.in my phone the battery save is not working.it supports 1080p video.
NEG recent battery backup, considering you are just using the device for phone watsapp and some occasional video purposes.
NEG it enables one white theme which consumed 25% battery on display.there is no black theme as of now to save battery for entire day.
POS couldn't ask for a better phone at this price range saw quite a few people complain about the battery life but let me tell you the battery life is just amazing got nearly 2 days on 1 charge which is fantastic however you look at it.the phone is solid and there absolutely no bloatware which in itself is impressive,not much more i can say but top drawer phone at low level price,well done motorola.
POS the only sons i saw was that the phone got heating up pretty fast.
NEG this device is really amazing the only con i find till date is that its battery you have to charge it at night but i hope after lollipop update the battery will last long at least it will run 90 minutes moreau said by google)!.
NEG i am very basic user so battery lasts for 1 1/2 days feel the battery will last 4 to 5 his with heavy and continuous use.of you are a basic user then follow the steps to improve battery performance off auto son off iii network and data connection when you dont need them 3-gps system off(location service.everything is good except battery but it will improve just after the android l updated.
POS no body can beat its display very good excellent very smooth running good for daily use very good battery.
NEG i had seen moto g st gen got to know its performance through friends and decided to take the and gen for my dad too bad the battery drains so fast even when days when absolutely no calls were made and no data transfer i mean when iii and mobile data were used occasionally.the battery is a big disappointment according to me.although it has promised for the lollipop upgrade must wait and see if it can help the battery back on this device.a big zero for the battery for a tier brand like moto to come up with this big disappointment in moto g and men.
NEG would not suggest anybody to buy this product as battery back is very less.
POS stopped working in 45 days which is right away after the return period andover heating and found the mother board was gone due to the heat.
NEG his is good product but i am facing issue like its getting hanged for some times and heating issue is there when used for internet surging.
POS battery capacity can be improved to 3000ma.
NEG that the battery is sealed is not a great features.
NEG the phone is in the second day of its use and it has been extensively used on day one yet the battery holds up for more than hours of whatsapp, facebook and email.
POS except battery back and common andros problems this phone is very good.
NEG any of have written battery back is low but the more battery back means you are keeping higher risk in your pocket.
NEG battery quality of the motog2 generation mobile is too poor.the battery power immensely reduced if we take photos even without flash.
NEG useless with this battery.pus replace the battery with improved capacity.
NEG to far battery life seems ok, more than a couple of days with light use data/wifi on.
NEG i am not even getting the battery back for least 4 hour s a day.
NEG only con is the battery usage is fair.
NEG the only slight disappointment is on battery performance.
NEG i highly highly recommend buying a portable battery charge even moderate usage will kill your battery quickly.
NEG door battery back up,battery is draining within 2-4 hours of normal use when i started to use internet on device its draining within 30-40 minutes.and heating.
NEG display : 9/10 battery life : 8 camera : 8 case of use : 9 durability : 9 design and form factor : 9 portability : 8 only reason i didn give it a five is i dont rate much of anything at the very top.
NEG this one was my first andrew phone - i am completely disappointed with this phone comparable to my friends phone very poor battery bacup, heating issue it reaches up to 50 degree centigrate while long phone calls and while doing multitasking ) - except its look and gorilla glass features there in nothing good to say about this phone - anyway thanks to flipcart for returning my money after age of 40 days.
NEG features to heating problems good camera good speakers sons a bit slow it low quality mid.
NEG moto g is good at its price no laws camera features is best at all battery drains lastly in mitka it now in lollipop drains slowly.battery performance is increased by 33 percent in lollipop.
NEG when i spent good amount of time on twitching off all unnecessary things on the phone and the battery back has been optimism to an extend that i have to charge once in two days.
NEG battery:moto wins over zenfone performance many apes like fruit ninja,yu-gi-oh am etc laws on moto but runs smoothly on zenfone also mutitasking of zenfone is a way ahead from moto may be due to higher ram.
POS even though i have two aims working battery charge holds good for a day.
POS its battery runs for a day easily.
NEG especially for a price paid.non-replaceable battery is a summer thought battery dead - time to change phone.
NEG battery was the biggest issue for which i didn buy it earlier.battery lasted unto pm since morning for last 2 days for moderate using.
NEG battery i charged till 100 and used wife continuously for 14 hours till it drained out completely.well its a new battery took.but i have o wait before i comment more about battery here.but the battery is a great disappointment.if drains the battery too.that's a bit of a disappointment in the battery side.for a person like me who busy a new phone once in 4-5 years i think battery is a prime criterion.
POS battery back is decent.
POS of you dont want spend more than ask on mobile purchase and you need smart phone which do jobs with ease & have good battery life when moto-g is right smart phone for you.
NEG battery back is very poor and poor customer service.suggest to improve the quality of battery and customer service.
NEG battery goes off really fast.sometimes even when the phone is untouched the battery comes down in few seconds finally dead.
NEG there are some drawback like less ram capacity non removable battery and no file manager option.
POS especially the battery life the pure andros experience and the battery life.
NEG battery average.
NEG good shone but last just a day.less battery life looks not that great.but its ok for its price range.
NEG battery does not get heat too much as others say.sons battery is not good since only 2070 mah.but lasts for a day almost with g enabled.
POS battery back is good.
NEG battery is little concern however its not a big deal.
NEG his mobile has severe issue with the battery.the battery back is pathetic.and on normal basis this mobile has only half day battery back up.
NEG battery is bit disappoint.
NEG but they should think for battery mah.
POS battery back also fine.
POS provides you an exceptional battery back-up and a sleek rear cover.
NEG battery could have been better 2.
NEG finally battery performance is very poor need to charge twice a day.
NEG but i am really disappointed with the battery life.the battery is not running even for full 12 hours with not so extensive usage.
NEG battery started draining after 4 months of use not getting any support from service center.
POS wonderful to use very user friendly and upgrade you with latest versions only minute drawback is its battery life but with newly introduced hero launched pp this is sorted as well would highly recommend it.
NEG except limited battery power.battery is worrisome.
NEG battery charge is average.
POS shone looks impressive have nice gui was heating problem while playing games battery not so promising overall an average phone.
NEG i have used samsung galaxy core earlier and it suffered clot during multi-tasking, the battery life too was poor unlike this one.
NEG worst battery life seen ever in any phone moto g and generation worst dont buy this phone.
NEG but the battery was not good it give up with in four hour(if its in use .
NEG now battery size 2000mah.
NEG i brought moto g and men two days ago i used this phone for 20 min it is producing very much heat and battery problem please replace it please call me 9040811540.
NEG it wont let me call anyone if i am out of town and i tried to call my friends when i was in nevada and it kept telling me that the call could not be completed also i dont know how to find the battery to take it to see if it will rest.
NEG , but battery back very poor.
POS battery back - 5/10 quality 5/10.
POS battery life is average.but overall battery life is better than most other mobile i have seen.
NEG i purchased this phone after using nikita lucia 720, i found that overall performance of mobile are good but its battery back performance are below average .i charged this phone twice in day even for a normal usage on internet also find that phone take around 3 hours for 100% battery charge from low battery condition.voice quality are good battery performance are below average.
POS excellent camera quality and battery backup.
POS overall good phone in a price range available and works well after lollipop update except battery back which is not that grew.
NEG 6 his charging means , then using phone is waste only motorola from beginning battery back problem only.
NEG a bug fix is being sent via ota soon because of slight battery drain and a pitch that involves a blank but consistent google lay music ratification in the status bare.
NEG battery life is decent.pro: sterno speakers con: door battery life doesn last for more than 24 his for average use and no crazy apes installed.battery extension is a humbug.
NEG battery goes nearly 24 hours on an average use.
NEG i am having major issues of battery , him detection etc since i bought the phone .
NEG battery life needs to be increase and mobile weight is high compare to other product apart from this over all mobile is good.:).
NEG battery is not that bad as pointed in other reviews i am getting almost 36-40 hours back with pretty good usage of whatsapp, internet gazing music and other apply.
NEG can hear what the other person is telling and also he can hear what i am saying,bad quality speaker with full of jingling sound even when not in use,sim slot 1 was not detecting,automatic off,hanging,heating,wifi complaint etc.so its my request for people going to buy this not to buy motorola(brand) instead you can buy indian brands.if you are not believing me you can buy this.but.
NEG after 15-20 minutes i observed that it was started heating up to an extend such that i can not put it on my ears.it was heating up.there is no heating issue at all 4 star for overall experience 1 star is deduced for multiple return request.
POS everything is good except battery performance since it andros platform what more can we expect with this budget.
NEG one thing which i feel bad about this is the battery backup.
NEG the battery holds charge for a day of average use but i do need to charge it every night.
NEG lastly the battery life is average but then it again depends upon use.
NEG i purchased this item 3 days ago and phone backs a lot moreover applications also crashing,,sound quality is loud but little blur while playing songs,,it take very long charging time,,battery drain out very quickly,,,.
NEG shone is hanging most of the time battery back is not that good.some time battery power % is hanging though the power is 10% it is showing as 90%.
POS battery life is great.
NEG battery is draining like anything.not referable if you are looking for a good battery life.
NEG battery is the main bugle falls rapidly .
POS his moto g is awesome, battery last all day long and the girls are happy about that.
NEG battery life.excellent standby time and great daytime use time.during the day for my normal use it drains at around 1-3% per hour as per better battery states program.non-removable battery.since the cover is removable the battery should be took.
NEG camera lens each ni h scratches a late h use upper bake ka phone boot each h 10/10 battery back air poor din g change to hi ch jena it takes 3 hours to full charge.
NEG i did not find it difficult to use as his was my first smart phone battery life is superb delivery from flip-kart was excellent got it before the stipulated date and next day the operating system was upgrade to lollipop seamlessly, and i got this under old phone exchange scheme so it was all the more helpful lip part should bundle more phone with this exchange scheme.
NEG over heating of the phone after using any pp for minimum 5 minutes.
NEG i read a lot of reviews concerning the battery on this site.the battery is great.i play a lot of games and find sometime for testing took the battery doesn fail me.
POS positive display front speakers are loud n clear good pick quality negative battery front cam not clear.
NEG rd main issue is battery life its take his for full charging but battery discharging very fast disappointing battery life.
NEG no battery back up it will show 100% charge with in 10 mind and battery low after 2 mind.
POS vice battery vice all quality round is good camera is good overall 5 out of 5.
NEG it gets over heated in a short period of usage.also the battery back is not up to the mark as the company entitled.
POS i have got moto go for the first time , and there was heating issue with the phone.
NEG battery 1.
POS such a brilliant mobile it is moto g and genet its battery obviously a small.
NEG pathetic battery.bakwass battery back up .the battery back up of this phone is worst .battery performance is average.
NEG shone is very good.good camera no hanging and no much heating issue after a months use.but 2050 may battery drain bit fast.max a day time.except this its a very good fone.
NEG battery back way better than zenfone.
NEG lollipop update really boasted battery capabilities.
NEG but the biggest let down for me is its poor battery life.
POS him using this from release day.no heat up well battery backup, excellent camera good ram, no hanging.very happy with battery up time and charging rate as well.
POS camera is good and battery also even after using multiple apes on go.
NEG battery is almost the same as 720 which had 2000 ah where as here its 100 more.
NEG the is really good but the camera quality is not that good and also the battery back up is not that much.
NEG while in the call the device is getting over heated might be battery part 2.i had bad experience while browsing battery is draining even phone is fully charged in the morning.i charging my phone full after the the battery icon shows 1%, after rest your phone your battery his shows 60%.
NEG mobile getting heat and battery getting dry in half day only.cant.
NEG the same heating problem is faced while using internet.
NEG i get my device on 2-march-2015 i love my device before i get get but i am facing battery issue in my device i want replacement but flipkart disapprove my request st day i am charge my device 100%, after stay out of the room for 2hr.
NEG the only con in this phone is the very average battery life.of one is a regular user of the phone for browsing whatsapp, etc several times a day i feel the battery will drain out in about 8-10 hours.
NEG after changing the lip cover i feel grip while holding this phone and no heating problem and worth buying for 12999/-.
NEG i got this phone on with jan and after nearly one month of use i observed some over heating under the based.
NEG but its main leak point is battery problems.
NEG i have ordered moto g and men phone.which was faulty.mean to say.since first days phone has issue frequently getting shutdown,, battery down within 15-30 mind phone hang.etc.
NEG shone has very poor battery back up.
NEG to battery back mobile heating problem i wont suggest this phone to friends.
NEG even if the battery is fully charged in a time within 6 hours its getting dried up need to improve the battery back a lot.
POS and next one is battery life , i have used gas and cam for almost 9 hours.but still i can see battery life.
NEG battery is the downside, poor battery performance.during night it download and updated all the pp and by the time you wake up battery goes down from 60% to.
NEG but when it comes to battery its average only.
POS vice descent phone with good battery good camera , fast processing cool speakers great display.
POS the battery life is good took.
POS according to its price moto and gen is a very good smart phone but its battery back is not so good .
NEG after using two weeks over all performance is good camera ok display vice crisp and vivid but only 720p, gorilla glass good performance:ok battery:poor heating problem : slightly while using internet front speakers are loud n clear no network or call drops.
NEG west value in a phone - great battery life and speakers on the front is so much better!!!.
NEG battery is attached so cannot force stop phone when it gets hanged 2.
NEG with only phone calls battery lasts two days.
NEG beams i have just bought it 2 months back and now i am facing battery issue with this phone.of my battery is showing 100% then within 5-6 minutes it shows battery low indicator and finally within 10 minutes phone gets shutdown.
NEG i all to start my review i must say if you want a decent smart phone with 18-20 his battery back then moto g and gen is not your cup of tea.
NEG i brought this mobile on with see 2104 to sister birthday am very disappointed about this phone.because my old moto g phone is getting full signal strength in same place with same net work but this one is getting only 2 points and battery is too poor ice when phone is in ideal itself the battery reducing 30-40% in 3 hours.
NEG the battery back is a bit low reasoning for the 4 stars.
NEG hats a use of smartphone then by battery is draining very very fast.
NEG i thought that the battery would not last long at my first full use but it passes my test.
NEG used but still it laws some shortcuts.like data on - off,battery % is not there but for time being its annoying.
POS camera superb no hanging handy phone sound quality is best battery back is not better but it good.
NEG battery takes lot of time to charge.
NEG the only problems is poor battery for heavy usage and ram of 1gb sometimes last.
NEG the battery is defective.
POS the battery back is good too however it will require charging each day.
POS with in 10 mind battery shows low.again we start the mobile it shows the proper battery level.
NEG durability, good battery back and cutting-edge technology and last but not the least 6.battery performance is not out of the world 3.
NEG it is been 5 months i purchase this phone now it is not connecting to wi-fi, battery back is very poor if we turn on the navigators that squeezed that battery like anything.
NEG the battery does not last all day i am a mid to heavy user and found my self charging it 3 times a day.prosqualityspeakers for musicupdates to lollipopstorage is ok recommend adding moresizecamera / back only imp consbattery lifedata problem ( from time to time data disabled exist goose play making it hard to use.wifi for downloading.fell once and chippedcamera / front makes you look darker washed out and to up close to your face auto focus is badpicture taking slowly you dont mind any of the sons get it if you want .
NEG quality phone in better price.gud battery backup.rear camera was awesome.front camera not portable.
NEG the only down side to this phone for me is the non removable battery.
POS battery draining so fast in hot climate with g internet and very few calls.it is very good smart phone with poor battery backup.
NEG the battery issue is genuine.but nothing is wrong with the battery.it only needs to celebrate to display the proper battery percentage.to a couple of complete recycle of the battery should do the trick.i drained the battery full then charged it 100% and did this two times.now i have no issues with the battery.it lasts 1 full day and still has about 25% remaining.c i do wish the battery was removable but most phone are coming with non removable ones so that is fine.
NEG even though the shocking thing is long battery life.
POS battery good.
NEG battery life normal getting one day,has to charge again at night.
NEG i had suggest all you people buying to do a complete battery test least run on continuous internet so you had replace with one within the period.
NEG just one word for it.awesome only one issue is that battery drain fast not very fast.moderate i can say thanks moto.
NEG from the day one i have been facing a issue of battery back - hardly four to five hours.of you are looking for good battery life & faster response - it would be advisable to look for all other option.
NEG battery drains faster 3.
NEG battery back is very bad.i have purchased the phone and its battery back is only 2-3 his.
POS espaol:funciona perfectamente en colombia con movistar, dura much la batera, excelente.english:it works perfectly in colombia with movistar, long battery excellent.
POS good battery backup.
NEG battery life is not very great hits 50% in a day with minimal usage.
POS ave battery back up performance wise it lawless best in its range now it available 10k in this range u can find better than this so dont think if u want to buy phone around 10k go for moto go.
POS very good and nice battery back some.phone is regarding his battery.
NEG i use the neck out of this phone for work and i still get 8-10 hours of continuous heavy use out of the battery.
NEG i have a roommate who got the phone 6 and personally the only thing i envy about his phone is the superb battery life.the phone does take close to 4 hours to go from 0-100% battery so that is a had annoying.
NEG writing this review after using this phone for 2 weeks and guess what no heating issues i faced.smooth as butter and installed 25+ apes but still have 8 go of from left.solid battery back cons: 1.battery drains out when camera runs for 30+ mind.
POS battery life is good.
POS shone is very good and the future are good the only problem is battery except that everything is dam good with this price this is excellent phone.
NEG all features are really awesome except battery life but it still last 7-8 hours of heavy internet unload download & surging.
NEG battery back very poor.
NEG also considering the battery of the phone.it gives you decent battery life , which wont leave you much disappointed unless you have high hopes from a ask phone.on medium usage it might survive for a day and on high usage the battery fades away within 10 to 12 hours or less.
NEG battery performance is average and it needs to get charge for every 3-4 hours.
POS easy to use and its better than other samson phone camera quality is good front camera is also good battery back not to long.
NEG for running the show for a decent amount of time the smartphone relief on a 2,070mah lesion battery which runs phone approximately for whole day.about 19-20hrs of battery back on 2g.
NEG however sometimes the battery lasts less than four hours on a charge and rarely more than ten.
NEG battery is taking long time to charge.
NEG only thing is when you play games and if continuously the internet is on, the battery drains within 1 day.
NEG the only bit i wish they improved was battery.
NEG except for the battery backup.but it is expected from 2070mah battery.not switch on wife hotspot and charge causes fast heat up and that too to very high temperature (that's why 4 star rating).
NEG battery is decent and runs for nearly 12-14 hours with average use.
NEG god for playing games god camera quality the only matter concerns is heating if camera is used continuously.
NEG no method to poweroff the phone as battery is inbuilt, if phone hangs touchscreen doesn work.
NEG over all phone is good average battery life.sometimes heating problems.
NEG google play services drain way too much battery tough.
POS strong battery back up good speaker quality.
NEG battery perform really well goes for 1.5-2 days on one full charge with nominal usage.
POS if battery back still more capable then i give it 5 into 5.
NEG vice performance naming battery backup, will date i have not experienced any slow performance or any last.
NEG quick joints * battery drains too fast but this issue has been fixed after a update provided by moto * shone is not very good at ram management.
NEG > the touchscreen is battery smooth and the response is great.not that great yes it is loud but not really clear > battery standby is not up to the marked.to battery honestly not good not even close to good would have been better even in this price range maybe with the lollypop updated we could expect more > stock andros experience is great still waiting for lollypop updated > the sensory yes they work good.
NEG battery drains fast it hangs while playing low end games like subways suffers takes hell lot of time to charge.
NEG battery is a slight problem drains out in a day.
POS i bought it few days back but the battery is draining very fast.shone is very good except the battery.
NEG battery back is very bad and especially when we turn on data(internet).
POS other features are good but what would one do with a phone without a proper battery backup.
NEG but the battery back up is very low.but for the battery back up the phone is very good with whatever specific it comes with.
NEG took is not much encouraging while comparing sony/htc products but which costs more of switched off while battery is under ~3% requires a lot of patience/effort to start the mobile again while charging.i think its not getting started till your battery reaches level 10% which sucks sometimes.
NEG in moto g and generation the battery is bad.
POS battery back is good.
NEG battery back up is worst.
POS by views pros:- the battery life which is the most important aspect is pretty good.
NEG camera and battery could have been better.
NEG worst battery drops down to empty with below average use in 8 his 4.
NEG battery draining is a major issue which can be fixed by motorola, if they want.i am bearing this product.with heating problem and bad quality of front camera.
NEG as per.handset that was defeated out of the box battery was 46% than drained in 1 hr.and piece got.that was the biggest disaster out of the box 42% battery than the disaster happened.35 minute battery dead.the expert called and checked it through smartchk pp battery training like.
NEG battery back of a day if u rent on the net too much .
POS with june 2015 i have received the phone.after one and half month i got issue with the display and battery over heating.
NEG him giving 4 stars because of the only issue.i.e battery.i dont think even battery is a very big issue.nowadays shone comes with approximately this much of battery.
POS for battery i give its 4 start shone is good.
NEG battery should have been bit higher capacity or efficient battery save would have been enhanced this phone further.
POS one of the best phone within in price point in terms of dual him etc love the design and the battery life is also good.
NEG not to forget the amazing battery life it offers.
NEG only sons battery back should be increased.
NEG battery & heating is still issue as any other andros phone has but value for money at price point and utility.
POS you wont get disappointed , touchscreen has good response and battery smooth 'the best' 4.you can expect a full day battery back with only calls essaying and some time of whatsapp or other messenger.
NEG his phone is very bad for me ye but heating carta he jaw me charge carta he or data use carta he a fir me game knelt he tab.
NEG battery standby time is very less not even a day display issue showing multiple screens and images at times.
NEG battery drags very fast.needs more may battery,more ram needed otherwise its cool.
NEG the operation is battery smooth despite 1gb ram.good battery discharge lasts me almost an entire day close to 17-20 hours with wifi/data on whatsapp, facebook and twitter on while listening to music.
NEG temperature rises to 62 degree within 10 min of continuous use.
POS battery is full of down this products.
NEG another problem is the battery which drains completely if you do bit more browsing on 3g, or you navigable using gps/google maps.
NEG battery back is good many people are saying it has low battery staying but they are wrong.use the phone as u should and u will not face any battery issues 2.
NEG the battery drains out very quickly when your using internet.
NEG to bloatwear, better battery life that my s4, lollipop is simple and smooth for my wife who is not a power user or very techie.after about 2 weeks the phone went dead and my wife thought she had plenty of battery life.but him so disappointed in the experience and what really others me is the fact that i could take the battery out and rest the phone that way.
NEG battery is the only issue herein takes quite long time to full charge on the battery.as per comparison to asks its far better also better than microsoft 535,look wise sex black beauty.if you have around 12 k budget go for it or less than 10 k go for microsoft.
NEG it is very good at performance and design but only thing was heating problems.
NEG the battery drains out very fast .
NEG battery life is good.heating problem 2.
NEG i have found only one problem is battery drains very fast.overnight the full battery(100%) will drain without any usage to apes running and no alarms also.
NEG only two things will be dis appoint to you that battery back up is very poor you can use only 12-15hrs with one full charge.
POS its good product with low price and more features.please update volume and power on button and also heating is very cool.
NEG battery less,,,,,but its good.
NEG battery does not last full day despite motorola's claims.
NEG facing heating issue from day 1.battery is taking too much time to charge 100%.
NEG shone have heating problems i can play games on it it hangs very badly carts watch moves on it due to heating problems bad call quality.
NEG battery s god end for moderate users.
NEG i am satisfied with the product features.but the battery back up was very poor.
NEG even the battery life seems to be erratic.
POS battery performance is good its runs 2.5 days with out internet.any one long life battery go for it .
NEG after i start it sometimes show 80% battery and sometime still show 0%.
NEG very nice service from flipkart, but the phone has very poor battery.the battery drains too too fast.part from battery good products.but with such battery canst survive.
NEG i like all the things except battery should have been at least 2500mah.because for good/heavy user they will need charge of battery after 6-7hrs.i tried iii on , keep downloading data within 5:30 to 6:00 his battery fully drained from 100% to 3%.
NEG i am really disappointed with moto g battery back up apart from that its good one no hanging problem good display sound quality also good.but its all about battery it runs only 6 his after charging for 3 his.
NEG on replaceable battery 4.
NEG display in line attacking & internet using time heating 3.battery issue gallery in open so black service center my hand set issue is show display damage & on off problem 4/9/2015 i am collect to se two day ok but calling time no sound ear re repair to set service center but 4 day ok re problem sound is damage & my set body damage for service center.
NEG too cost only 1 go ram , cam should be better , only 2070 may battery better to go for lucia 640 or 640 ll.
POS its been more than 10 days i have been using this product its going smoothly with no issues with awesome features and decent battery life.just go for it.
NEG but the only issue i am facing like rest of the buyers is that the battery drains out very fast.
POS phone performance is very good and price is also unfordable but battery back is very bad.
NEG battery drains very fast.
NEG * there is no heating problem either while playing games or charging.
POS satisfied with sound camera and battery.
NEG i keep wireless/data turned off most of the time unless i specifically need to use it so my battery typically lasts 2-3 days.
NEG although the battery life could have lasted longer.to heating problems.
NEG you'll have no bars of battery life.if all the face positive reviews agent enough the phone is flat out bad either invest in a good phone or look elsewhere.
POS shone working nice features are great but battery back is worst.
NEG except battery and cam performance in night time everything going to be fine.
NEG really hate about this phone is battery life not good.
NEG good battery life (20 hours almost turn off location service,auto sync,wifi,blue tooth etc if not required.
NEG i was expecting too much but later disappointed as it is heating like anything and battery is discharging very fast , requested for replacement.
NEG but battery life is average one.
POS him using both the him shots of the phone and the battery back is also good.
NEG only minor qualms with the phone is the battery.of you watch how you use the phone the battery lasts quite a while and is more than sufficient.however if you agent too careful with your usage of the internet and such on the phone you can drain the battery more quickly than i would like.still though - phone weren designed to be used too extensively so as long as your using it sensibly its still plenty of battery life.
NEG i had a very bad experience with moto-g and men within less than 5 months the battery ceased to work and had to take it to the service center.the biggest con is that the battery cannot be removed it is inbuilt.
NEG the only drawback is low battery back up and updated lollypop is not allowing any external matter bolster apps.
NEG but the phone battery back is not good in a day you have to charge twice.
NEG battery 4/5 i get unto 2 days as my use is less.
NEG i am using this phone since last one month i did not noticed any issues,smoothly running,only the thing battery drains fast and takes time to recharge.
NEG worst phone i ever purchased battery drains quickly charges late asked for return but rejected from flipkart.
NEG the only con in this phone is the very average battery life.of one is a regular user of the phone for browsing whatsapp, etc several times a day i feel the battery will drain out in about 8-10 hours.
NEG camera & battery life - average.
POS fantastic phone in terms of performance clarity of display style and features.smooth to operate.only battery back up is not highly effective but its still ok i would say.
NEG battery life same as the moto go.his phone should have had more battery life.
NEG after using my phone for about 10-15 min it started heating up.and from heating i literally mean heating not warm.
NEG battery drains within a few hours after android 5.01 updated.it does fine until something happens and the battery discharges completely in about 20 minutes with the phone getting very hot.
NEG battery comes only for 3 - 4 hours.
NEG i have used this phone since two months its battery is perfect for 1 day use if u have moderate usage of games.that means practically the battery will remain at constant level.
NEG camera not good though 8 up battery drains within 12 he with g browsing i he it received my returned item .
NEG but battery is built in i dont know whether we could change the battery in future.
POS its a really nice product full marks for-1) brand primary cam 3)sreen resolution performance 5)toughness sound backlocks- got heated while heavy use or charging after upbraiding to lolipop battery.
NEG while using many apes at a time,phone gets heated.but then after a while it looks ok.no battery saving apes are recommended for this mobile,they doesn work fine with this mobile.white.
POS i bought this phone 2 months back.performance and battery back is so nice.
NEG low capacity battery for 5 inch category phone - malfunctions many times - i think lollipop upgrade has made this phone worst as i can see good reviews before upgrade.
NEG battery lasts for days together.
POS battery drains out easily.
NEG i have got it last 4 days ago and everything is ok except the battery.i think the battery should be minimum 2200mah to reach 24 hours demanding battery life.i will rate the battery 4/10 on 24 hours demanding battery life.
NEG battery is very poor when connected to internet it early shutting down this very hard we canst put internet full day when we go out.
NEG battery is the biggest problem in this mobile.i have been using moto g earlier version which has better battery performance other than that all are good except u r mobile signal will go down once in some days and u have to report the mobile to fix it .
NEG all is good but battery back is the worst.
NEG i am suffering heating auto start battery problem i have applied for exchange within the exchange period ( no physical damage what they do is give me a miss call and say we tried to call you will contact you later i am regular costume of flipkart ( bought more then lacks of goods from them in last 7 month or so ) and the worst service provider so far.
POS good hands with good battery back fig modern.
NEG after usage of 6 months i am observing that battery is draining quite frequently.some heating issue is also there if i use torch for 5 mind or wife for long time.
NEG battery issues are there needs a lot improvement.
POS highly recommend the phone if you are looking for dual him card phone with good battery back on a decent prices.
POS -0.5 star for high sar value -0.5 star for something that makes feel quality downgrade initially i rate 3 stars now i increased the rating to four stars due to improved battery back after the lollipop updated.updated 20/02/2015: after the lollipop update, the battery seems to be lasting more or should i say far more.-0.5 star for high sar value -0.5 star for something that makes feel quality downgrade initially i rate 3 stars now i increased the rating to four stars due to improved battery back after the lollipop updated.updated 20/02/2015: after the lollipop update, the battery seems to be lasting more or should i say far more.
NEG the battery lasts a full 24 hours even after i use the phone apes to the fullest.
NEG poor battery back not at all satisfied with moto mobile.
POS awwsome phone with the lovely features i am having a great fun with it bit of heating problem during charging.
NEG well would not stir a little more capacious battery.
NEG the only thing i dislike about this phone is that it has built battery.
POS advantages build quality superb camera superb battery back up good.
NEG i called their customer care and asked:>>>>: q my phone is heating up so fast.
POS battery back is okay since display is big.
POS good battery full day lasting.
NEG battery drains too fast with 3g.
POS further its working good no problem anything like that battery life is very good as for average use gives 15-18h and continuous use gives 4.30-5h.
NEG phone with worst battery life purchased.on 8/11/14 battery.
NEG the only things that this phone lack is a good battery back and a nice set of earpieces.
POS first the battery is lasting me as it was lasting when the phone was new.
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG it just updated to the lollipop 5.0 so that was a help on the battery.
NEG high radiations week battery and taking long time to recharge.
NEG battery wouldn last a complete day.
NEG i feel battery could be enhanced with more back time as it drains fast.battery back up 2.
NEG 10) battery is decent least i am satisfied with its performance.
POS friends the cell phone is good but battery back is very pathetic.but for others there are many cell phone with better battery back and configuration in the same price range.
POS a good device except for the battery performance .
POS am using this as my primary phone and listening music playing game using wife and getting full day battery backup.
NEG his is really outrageous that once flipkart delivered me the defeated product which was having too much heating issue and now the piece which have been delivered to me after replacement is a piece of june.
NEG camera is good but the only desert is its battery.
NEG gprs and mobile network data with net use would kill the battery fast to be careful and use wisely.
NEG battery life does not last very long kind disappointed on this one.the phone itself is great but volume goes from low to high and battery life sucks.
POS the camera is good and at 8 megapixels is handy when you are on the go and dont have your regular camera.the battery is good and in the past few days done some extensive usage music camera during etc and on a full charge holds itself through the day.
NEG battery drains too fast even after following the steps provided by flipkart techs.
NEG battery gets discharge more faster than the time taken to charge.
NEG - battery shows 100%, after the use(shows in correct - after receiving call getting some disturbing voice.
NEG everything is ok except battery back it has a very poor battery.if your smartphone doesn carry a good battery life then its pretty much useless.
NEG sons little heating problem only while charging everything is good.
NEG battery could have been better.
NEG but for last 3 weeks i find that battery gets discharged so fast even if it is not used.i fully charged the battery before sleeping and find next day morning that more than 50 per cent battery gets discharged without using it even if wife and blutooth is off.
NEG battery 2.
NEG 30 to 40 percent battery charge is going off even when it is not being used at night it is getting heated up.
NEG moto g and gen is overall good but it has a big problem that it take 3 hours and 30 min to get full charge but battery get drain in 8 hours of use.
NEG battery training problems.
POS battery back is okay.
NEG battery back up though is a slight let down.
NEG the battery cover my need.
NEG very very bad battery life not even lasts for 6-8 hours on full charge hangs a lot not worthy of the hope.
POS great quality phone great battery life and display clarity for an amazing prices.
NEG i am happy with performance but the battery back is worst when i start playing surf game the battery start to discharge like anything if you keep or moto g gen 2 idle with mobile date and iii switched on it will last longer of you start using any pp the battery will all 10 percent for every 10 sins.
NEG battery probe is also main feature of this premium phone.
POS smooth and fast performance as well battery back is also good.
POS i was very fascinate about this phone and purchased it the performance is absolutely fine but i have a problem of heating issues with it .
POS battery is good.
NEG it has good camera quality as compare to moto g1.good all quality.onlt the thing is battery is only 2070mah it should be at least 2500 may with 5 inch screens.
NEG battery charge level cracking is erratic.
NEG battery back is also very good.i am using it since 9 am today and doing all sort of things(played games watched video made video calls browsing listening songs online,checked mails and still i am having 30% battery left.
NEG battery is of 2070 may same as the first generation but is ok for this phone works all working day 7.
NEG moto g should have given at least 2500 may battery capacity.
POS points 1)good display 2)real video recording & voice in recording is totally original 3)battery back is nice.
NEG battery life has gone down a bit.
POS battery life and camera are great.
NEG i knew a non-removable battery was donna be a problem and it finally came true outside the amazon return process coverage.
NEG i am not giving the 5 stars to it as i thought battery would extend a little more than a day other than that from buying experience to actual usage of the phone everything went well as its usual with amazon.
NEG the battery with my personal usage lasts about 1-1/2 to 2 days while being to use for checking email twitter playing a few games watching plex/youtube/twitch, and reading a few webster forms.really impressed i can only imagine how crazy the battery life on the st generation moto g was compared to the and genu.
POS flipkart deliver amazing fast vice phone battery is a problem everything else is superb camera needed to be improve.
POS battery life easy lasted all day even with intensive downloading and set process.
NEG after lolipop battery dies.
POS the only issue is battery , and happy headphones the comes in the box.
NEG maybe some battery issue as it has a low battery backup.
NEG the pathetic battery life the battery should be at least 2500mah.
NEG very nice to operate.just awesome.no issues like heating or loading like other phones.camera quality is very good.speaker quality is also good.touch is very smooth.impressed with the phone.
NEG i bought this product from flipkart in this we have lots of problems like heating starting & call will discontent with in 5 minutes & start automatically .
POS camera is really good have used andros phone and till now him satisfied with the battery backup.
NEG door battery back up which is one of the major drawback and rest of thing is awesome need 2 time charging in a day.
NEG - sometimes misses getting read by laptop when connected by usb cord works ok when restarted - since google lay tore has a ton of apply once you download the essentials the battery life is too short at 2070 mah, needs charging least once each day.
NEG pain draw back in motor is battery and it has very poor battery cup while using mobile data and its producing heat too while browsing.
POS battery lasts for a day with good usage .
NEG manageable battery back two days on normal usage picking distant wife signal pretty well.
POS battery back is also very good sound clarity also good.
NEG the camera is some display is too some front camera too some battery is just amazing.
NEG if u want not to call any body chat or browsing u can go with this mobile because u will not find not network neither battery backup.the sons are as usual battery.heating is a natural phenomenon with many of the phone and it was bearable.good battery back will last you for a day with moderate to heavy usage.
NEG the battery life is good.i charge it every night and so far have not gone below 54% battery after a full day of use.
NEG battery lockup excellent can stay for 2 days in standby mode else 1 day.negative - battery is the saddest part.
NEG only battery is just satisfactory.
NEG battery is average which is ok.i think battery and speaker are its major problems as forum is blotted over with similar kind of issues with distortion in speaker.shone that i received is having battery issues.battery started draining with in an hour(100% to 0 %).
NEG battery life is longer than moto go.
NEG heating problems playing game after 10-15 mind.
NEG but with the two aims g net and wife the battery gets drained in 5 hours only 4.
NEG and battery is damned 2 hours back.
NEG battery lasts for 24 his if connected to wife on stand and whataspp use .
NEG of you are looking for good battery life not a good option but for the price its a beast.i personally felt the build quality could have been better and battery also.
POS i received the product within 2 days after ordering good camera good sound good display good call quality recent battery back.
NEG its unbeatable.but only thing is battery :-( :-(.
NEG minor heating is observed after some game play.round and camera quality is awesome, so is the battery back up.mobile will be hanging for every 2 to 3 days battery back is worst please dont purchase.
NEG battery is getting discharged 5-6 hours after full charge which is very pathetic .of you looking for better andros experience with decent battery back this is not what is suggest.
NEG the bug causes incorrect reading on the battery or even it drains the battery ridiculously fast.6 hours for full battery status.
NEG all going good except the battery but just after opening the back cover twice for inserting him & sd cards the backcover become loose.
NEG 5 star to the battery.
NEG battery back with standard use is not that good.want remove the battery as well.
POS battery discharging with in 12 hour.
NEG battery charging time - unbelievably takes 4-5 hours for a full recharge.
POS everything about this phone is great other than the battery life which is way to bad compared to moto g st genu.
POS quick snapped elegant nice battery life , and so affordable.
NEG but very sadly say that battery stability not better every day charge it and other problem is ear phone become very hot when u use it 2 - 4 minutes continuesly-- very hot.
NEG but a bit less battery backup.
NEG the mobile is so far good with no concerns.but only negative i found is battery back is bad.
NEG his mobile looks to be good in terms of battery.but battery stands for the day.one thing which this order lacks is that there is no earphone with the delivery.
NEG i think any smartphone have battery so important so this phone is good phone note best.
NEG worth buying really too good battery a bit less then expected but working too good camera and everything is far.
NEG battery problem and hangs along.
NEG worst battery backup.
NEG a good product but it also comes with some issues that i have faced like battery back up and also what is irritating is sometimes the internet does not turn on at all could be lolipop issue i have to start the phone to get the internet working.
NEG battery life is ok if only use is calling,but even connected to internet is enough to drain the phone in less than 10 hours,if you browse,game, whatsapp back is less than 5 hours overall the phone is not outstanding,an average performer.
POS battery life is good.
NEG i have purchased this from 1 months ago and found there have so many problem regarding battery.
NEG hi dont buy this battery back is very bad.please improve this on battery.
NEG i used to charge thrice daily it gets very quilt dry the battery.
NEG its battery drained from 30--40 % to 1-2 % within minutes.
NEG to match of this moto g2ndgen phone anywhere.but besides all the best things the problem of hanging/heating and fast battery discharge continues.
NEG shone battery can not withstand charge battery running out without using the mobile.
NEG battery back up is not good.battery back is concerned.
NEG it is a very good products had order it for my brother but older moto g had better battery backup.of you are not a heavy user then this would be best phone if battery back is not a problems.
NEG i bought a moto g and generation mobile on with march during apes day i received a mobile as per the commitment however when i started using , i have realized that battery back is worst even though i did not made any calls.i have raised a concern again i consulted motorola service center on top of battery issue signal strength is very weak when i am at home absolutely zero signal until unless i go outside my house i dont get the signal i used the same him earlier in blackberry it works perfectly no signal issues at all.
NEG i purchased moto g and generation on 24-3-15, from then onwards i am facing issues with mobile heating network conductivity for 1 sim hard media & king volume reduces automatically both sim cards will get x mark & many more problems.
NEG battery is getting discharged 5-6 hours after full charge which is very pathetic .of you looking for better andros experience with decent battery back this is not what is suggest.
NEG bad battery and battery life 10% the him signal is not coming west product bad battery and battery life 10% the him signal is not coming west product bad battery and battery life 10% the him signal is not coming west product bad battery and battery life 10% the him signal is not coming west product.
NEG it takes more than 10 hours to charge fully and the battery gets discharged within 3 hours with internet usage only whatsapp and facebook but not consistently.
POS good battery performance last me whole day on single charge with 2 him running.
NEG with normal usage my battery has lasted me all day.generally i have had between 15% and 30% of battery life left at the end of night.
POS battery starts heating after some time.
NEG to heating issues.
NEG although after lollipop update there is slight improvement in battery life.i feel battery life is good for people with medium to less usage.
NEG after using it for 2 months i will say one must go for it however battery back is not as per standard but it is resolved after upbraiding to lollipop.
NEG the battery back is not good as it does not last more than 10 his.
NEG peoples complaining very fast battery drainage but i am not facing the problems.it gives a battery back of around 18hrs using g data too.
POS battery back is also great camera quality is also great.
NEG heating problem is there if you use mobile internet.
POS pro good battery life nice performance great build quality sons 1.
POS very tough reliable and has a great battery life.
NEG overall ok phone but the battery is really not good.
POS camera is not bad and secondary camera is good enough for series ll about the battery it stands one full day.
POS battery is good 3.
NEG i love this moto go and battery finally i have a trusty battery dont let me alone at the end of the day.
POS battery is awesome.
NEG not much heating like the previous one.camera functions properly.
POS its faster than my last phone and have better battery love it.
NEG battery is draining quickly when i was checking the imei number with imei.info.
POS shone was good and its battery life was really good before lollipop update and after lollipop update battery is draining fast.
POS yeah battery is average.
POS battery life not bad will last you a full day with light to moderate use.
POS they do consume a lot of battery to far so good.
POS thanks good battery , nice function and all i love this phone the way it is.
NEG battery is draining out comparatively with other mobile with similar features.
NEG shone heat up a little bit but maybe that boy of the summer when outside temperature itself is 45 degrees.
NEG battery brain within wars battery getting drained and mobile got switched off 3.
NEG product is good but the battery life very short,get's seated when data in and.
NEG over all phone is good but battery is very poor some times it is hanging that i have start my phone and sometimes getting network problems and data services not coming.
NEG worst battery back ever , takes more than 5 hours to fully charge even after full charge the battery drains very very fast.this 2014 moto g has serious heating issues even 5 min of browsing or using navigation the phone gets heated up like iron box i initially thought its only my phone that is having a problem , but i checked with two of my friends who also bought the moto g 2014 they too faced the same heating and battery issue moto g 2014 is a failure from motorola, if u dont believe me ask some one who have used the phone before buying.
NEG need to install battery save it seems.
NEG thing i must say front camera is pretty good but battery performance is pathetic.
POS while charging the battery phone gets very warm making it impossible to talk putting on ears.also though its brand new battery drains very fast.
POS battery life is good.
NEG of you looking for better andros experience with decent battery back this is not what is suggest.
NEG phone is so good but the battery back is not up to the mark.
POS 1 good battery lockup .
NEG but battery life leaves much to be desired gets drained a little early than you would expect.
POS the battery also gets discharged within 2-3 his.
NEG no last battery back is good camera is more than fine for a ask phone no problems yet loving it.
NEG only con in my view is the battery,,itz just 2070 may.
NEG 3000mh battery would do good for this phone the current battery sks.
POS back camera is awesome and front camera also good battery back is very good and sound is best.
NEG the only con found is its battery life which motorola needs to work upon a bit.
NEG want comment on the battery life as of now but it has gone pretty strong for the past 6 his of my moderate usage.
NEG i loved the phone in all aspects in terms of performance battery back up camera.the biggest problem with the phone was however the battery charging point.the phone suddenly stopped taking charge and after the battery was discharged it became useless.i would still love to get the phone but with the battery issue sorted.
NEG also nice that it has a micro slot.disadvantage is that both shots are only accessible when back cover removed and removing the back cover can be somewhat tricky wish it had a replaceable battery so one could easily swap out but no battery is built-in.
NEG the only drawback of this phone is not so noticeable such as battery is not so long lasting slight heating problem but everything can be compromise in this prices.
POS coming to battery life it is as average as all the smart pioneer.
NEG superb phone.big and good display.fast enough but the battery - 2070mah is not of quite big capacity.
POS battery back is sufficient.
NEG the only think i dont like about this shone is on he movable battery west all the best features hoping buy back offer when new phone's of moto is launched.and plates for moto g as well.
NEG only pitch is that using in at bangalore with any network the network here is so bad that the battery drains by 10 in the morning.his helps save your battery.
NEG the only con in this phone is the very average battery life.
NEG not to mention the battery backup.
NEG even the battery is perfect now i am getting a decent battery back up.sons less battery back (2040 mah) you'll get hardly one day back if your not a frequently user.
POS battery performance is very poor.it will take minimum 3 to 4 hours to charge the battery.
POS good product by motorola.but battery back is only annoying.
NEG the battery lasts 6 hours with moderate use.
NEG door battery backup.
NEG with light use i go 2 days without looking for a charge and with more heavy use music streaming youtube, etc battery life still lasts all day long couple of times during my commune (1-hour bus trip my phone froze up but i think that was due to trying to stream audio/video while the bus went in and out of coverage areas.
POS battery is decent,although it drains faster when data is on,compared to wifi.
NEG like a bigger battery or a better chipset.in normal use you dont find the battery inadequate but use it a little heavily and the battery drain is quite noticeable.
NEG battery is performance is poor.5 to 6 hours max.and sound quality for music is worst.
NEG bad battery life.
NEG worst battery life.you need to charge more than three times a day.if u continuously use or pen for messagng,browsng.etc and the oh is getting heated while chargng.
NEG irritated device with heat and poor performance completely waste of money battery back is worse than worst.
NEG i want to buy this monster but i read many issues about battery 1.battery drain fast ?.
NEG by samson s advance with a swollen battery gives me at least 3-4 hours of backup) 2.
POS excellent phone for the prices met my expectations battery last a lot more than a galaxy.i even spend two days who charging it and end up with 20% of battery.
POS but battery performance is just above average.
NEG battery not withstand for more than 4 hours.
POS good features but the battery back is not good.
NEG dual him good but not dual active standby.
NEG vice product but it could be more better if the ram would be 2gb & battery should be 3500 may flash light could be cool day white colour instead of warm white.
POS battery back up is decent and all.
NEG there is some heating issues especially when i surf net while charging but the phone tools down really fast.the lollipop upgrade is fantastic it has really boasted the battery life which last a day on moderate use.if you are looking for your st smartphone then go for it.
NEG cost motorola could have bumped up the battery capacity unto 2300mah.
NEG of you use the battery slavery mode the phone easily lasts a day on charge.- on removable battery.
NEG it is god in all aspects but the battery back was not up to the mark .im unhappy with the battery backup.
NEG now coming to the product it was initially a great product with good battery back as in my profession has to be present in the nail 24hrs.gradually i found out that the battery back which use to be 24hrs at-least but it is now 10hrs i have tried to contact the customer care but no result looking for some comment from flipkart as well as customer care team of moto go.moto has launched moto e 2 at price range of its created the customers now a better phone with folly pop update same hardware better battery back but in lesser .
NEG i had battery issue - after 6 plus hours of charging night while unpluging i observed the battery goes to critical (red).
NEG this is worst ex with flipkart,,,i have purchased 3 moto g and generation phone and 1htc desire 820q and two are in worst condition,hanging problem,battery problems,heating problems.screen problem.i will give 0 out of 5 and now decided not to purchase any thing from flipkart.
NEG battery could have been better.however battery of 730 way better than moto g2.it loose one star because of the battery.
NEG didn face any heating while using yet.
NEG now regarding battery back i canst place it neither as a pro nor as a cone.
NEG with all excitement i gifted a moto g 2 gen phone to the dismal the battery is draining with very low usage of phone and its features.the phone has no internet connection be it wife go go despite of basic usage the battery drains like anything.
NEG battery is average other than the mobile is mamamia. . . . . .
NEG flipkart has become from best to worst because i got phone around 7-8 days after ordering it that too in bangalore the phone is quite good but battery life drains out very quickly and loud speakers are of substandard quality!!!.
NEG it obviously has a good chisel and a you but the problem lies in the poor battery configuration.
NEG i would say the battery back up is not great.you cannot even enable battery percent view by default in the status bar from the battery pp.
NEG the battery life is normal though its not giving according to expectation.
NEG no lagging and to heating too 7.
NEG all quality is really poor.and there is an annoying been sound all the time when i attend my calls or listen to music.phone is getting heated up if am using phone for more than 1/2 hr.i can even use my phone for attending or receiving calls.this phone is not even providing the basic functionality of calling.also there is heating issue if am using the camera continuously.
NEG battery back is average.
POS vice build quality battery back is good that other same range phones).
POS its very good product in smart phone range its features awesome and its handy its worthy its performance very good and battery long period with games etc.
NEG battery back up is not good camera and other thing are good i think to increase their productivity they had compromise with their quality.
NEG performance:- the battery back is awful.
NEG battery quality great and i charge only time for two days.i just drained out battery two times as per friends advice and do not complete charging cycle everytime.
NEG within the first few days the battery got drained too fast and complaint was made flipkart said use it for a while and see over the phone but failed back to say that the issue was settled.
NEG vice phone i bought 10 days back the phone is working very nicely.only thing is the battery runs for a day.
NEG you start goose map for the destination you want to go obviously gps will be on and battery drains like anything.
NEG i found that the battery dried up fully.even in stand by not getting at least 12hrs battery back without running any applications.
NEG about phone as comparing to battery back up is quite disappointing but all over the main features are was .
NEG great phone , awesome features , good for price,fall a bit short on battery if you have excessive use of wifi and gps.
NEG were are my review --- - battery - it takes nearly3-4 his to charge and lost in 7-8 mrs if constantly accepting internet than in 5 mrs tax.
NEG worst heating problem is while talking.battery back is not that good i replaced my first piece stating above problems.
NEG battery life is oka it lasts about 8 hours with internet etc working and lollipop upgrade should improve upon that.
NEG battery lockup is poor 2.
NEG in contrast,the motorola's front facing camera is very crisp and clear.battery life i had 4 batteries for the htc, so i think you could safely assume that battery life on the htc was terrible.
NEG everything's quite good except for two things battery tends to run out quickly and wife conductivity issue.
POS average battery backup, verdict: a good shone for the average user and a good value for money.
NEG all the specification are very good except battery.because the battery drains very fast.display is very good battery drains toooooooooo fast.and has a non removable battery.
NEG good overall performance but very bad battery backup.after charging for almost 4-5 hours the battery drains very quickly.giving features does not make sense if the battery back is that bad.moto seriously needs to work on the battery drain issue.
POS of they change the battery model i can say moto g 2 is best smartphone.
NEG wont purchase this phone if we will use internet battery will not come even half day also.had purchased two mobile now i am suffering with battery dont like to give rating also but it is necessary that is why i am giving one rating.
POS battery life is great and phone comes packed with features.
POS good battery 4 good performance to for it if you want to buy a phone at ask.
POS battery performance is average.
POS i requested that give the bigger battery in next gen.phone.to play with the whole day and night.
NEG uses experience is camera is awesome both front and rear no comparison to other problem only is battery if you are travelling then its drain all battery in a day .
NEG negative things i found are 2000 may battery which does not run a whole day if u r using g net or playing games.battery gets heated up quite a bit even if the back cover is not metallic.the camera is ok.
NEG that i dont like is the size its just way too big and the battery life sucks.the moto e was too small and the camera sucked but it had way longer battery life.
NEG sons --------- battery back is really bad.the battery lasts only 5hrs.
NEG battery life is not has good has you would hope but besides that the phone is great.
POS battery its a pretty good battery back and i got 12-13 hours on its with the if on a times and off at other times.
NEG initially moto g had heating problems.but some how the heating issue got resolved after emptying and charging the battery for the rd time.
NEG now at mobile it is good over all but battery is draining very fast.i am just concerned about the battery issues.
NEG poor battery.battery life is low.showing some errors like battery suddenly drops to half.like that.
NEG from start using the mobile i am having lot of issues in mobile like battery draining very fast and charging take more hours to full and network problem occurs while calling so much of issues.good quality and design vice front speaker smooth performance battery 1 day only.moto: improve the battery standby my improve mah .battery 1 day only.
POS it is fast the camera is good voice quality is loud and clear fully charged battery lasts the whole day with reasonable internet use.
NEG battery takes 5-6 hours to get fully charged.very less stand by time of the battery.
POS ave battery life.
NEG battery was not good.have already using moto go but all the things are good except the battery life.
NEG ought this mobile with full resultant but got a disappointment irons display user friendly horns battery ver very poor heating problem if i use mobile for 5 min in g or 2 min video recording tried code #*#*4636*#*# it came till 47 in bangalore climate hangs if i use mobile for 30 min if i play basic game subways suffers moto g st gen was better than this.
POS good battery life.
NEG they've bumped up the camera and speaker phone which is nice it just needed a bit more power and battery and him sure people would've paid more it even.
NEG recently am bought mobile.moblile looks cool but performance wise not give full satify.its hangs several times when am using and battery drains fast.
NEG battery life is not good(6-8 his maxim.liable vocation to save battery is quite a annoying thing in every android honest.
NEG the battery life is average about 7-8 hours of moderate usage and about 4-5 hours of heavy usage.
NEG the phone has instantly switched off multiple times even though the battery is full.instant battery drain!.
NEG battery life is also average.
NEG battery 2070 mah.with d.u battery pp it gives you more or less 1 day/24 hours backup.
POS great pen but medium battery.
POS well that i can tell its the best have had in phone and go have had many good design fast and updated throughout and has the avoid 5.0 lolipop, the battery is great even when i use much everything day lasts me almost two days.
NEG i m happy with good and speedy mobile.but one very major problem i had in mobile is very poor battery life.
NEG the battery life is just sky but when i stop playing with it him sure it will last me far longer.this phone does everything i need and much much more!this is a great smart phone at a great price.so for what its worth and highly recommend this phone.update (12/13/2014)man, i tell a the more i use this moto g and men the more i love it!!!.
NEG only drawback i felt is battery backup.
NEG the was some improvement in performance and better battery life , but instead of reporting the phone every day now i should do it every 2 days.
NEG however after six months of use i was let down and was much disappointed as the phone refused to charge and my heart was melting as i saw the battery go dead.
POS battery performance is good and i didn face any issue in last one weeks.
POS good battery backup.
NEG the battery is not removable .
NEG i have been facing battery draining very quickly since day one.
NEG moto g has many features compared to other phone but the problem is heating when video or audit is played for 10 mind phone becomes heat.that is major problems.
NEG only the battery is not unto the mark.you wont believe the amount of background data and battery these two consumed.
POS the flipkart service is awesome n if i talk about pen it also good it little bit issue only heating.
POS battery waver is ultimate and keep you on always.
NEG good mobile we use g network battery back is good but use g with in 3 hours battery down.
NEG part from low battery back and heating on regular use there is nothing that i can complain about.
POS battery is good camera is also very good round quality is awesome.
POS good battery life.
NEG battery does take a longer time to charge .
NEG shone has minor heating.
NEG some issues with battery life it not stand even a day even if i am normal user but that dont matter as many other expensive phone do same.
NEG battery back is very less.
NEG i still had 20% battery left.the battery is as awesome as before!.
NEG handset is ve good , but battery life is not so good in net its maximum 12 hours some time at time of playing games and other apes it have hanging problem .
NEG i think this is the best phone for average person.the battery time on low use could last approximately 3 days and heavy use 1 day.
POS its sweet after the lolipop update but it has started lagging because of lolipop though it is battery smooth.of you want it for daily use its good battery back is good and boy the speakers are awesome i can say that they can beat htc's speakers but its truly a great experience having front facing sterno speakers overall smooth experience.
NEG battery life for my level of usage will be about two full days.edit: 11/21/14 front facing speakers should be the standard.
NEG the phone is not at its best.mainly it is overhearing and it doesn have a good battery life we can sait drains.better u go for panasonic p81ormotoe.
NEG the only drawback is the battery backup.battery needs constant recharging.
POS though he informed about slight heating issues certain times but still great phone.
NEG but there is only one issue in phone is it battery.battery design by motorola is very bad it discharge with in 5-6 he.nice battery.and i request motorola please design the battery of mobile phone according to its performance & daily use of phone.
NEG battery dry very quickly 2.
POS good to have removable back shell atleast, so that we can use different coloured back shells only dropout i felt badly with this mobile is battery backup.definetly if u r is travelling out of station one should carry back battery for sure.
POS its really worth for the price and good battery back up.
NEG and the phone is heating up a little bit if we are calling for half an hours.
NEG poor battery performance.need to improve a lot on battery.
POS battery brain so fast.
NEG this has happened to me almost 5 times.one time when i opened the camera led automatically gets on and its not getting off even when i switched off the phone.battery is draining really fast.if use continuously,then it drains out in 4-5 his max even you are doing only facebook,whatsapp.then,i contracted customer care,they suggest me to rest the phone had done it.after reset,till now i have no problem with the camera but battery problem is still the same.don't know whether this is really a battery fault in my device or it gives that much back only.but,yes i have not found any laying problem.games are working fine.sound quality is too good.but,heating issues are there.
NEG i feel flipkart is heating customers this way.for the worst ever battery and flipkart's worst return policy i rate this mobile with 1 star.
POS battery back improved with d update .
NEG all of them bought the phone in the month of september & has their battery dead within 3-4 months.us not the phone to buy the phone has the worst battery & takes about 3-3.5 hours to get fully charged.
NEG but i give it 4 because i dont at all like the battery backup.they could have given a bit more powerful battery.
NEG dont worry battery could have been a wee bit better like say just a 500 more of may conclusion its more than worth the money.
NEG the phone has become sluggish now and the battery life is bad.
NEG very poor battery back and very bad service even though it is not fix in refund policy.
NEG pro display is good on heating issue while charging.battery is not lasting for a day.
NEG sons battery drains very fast.
NEG good signal reception good quality sound to laws in bow battery life hardly for a day battery charging takes almost 3.5-4.5 his from 10% to 100%.
POS please tell me about the battery life if used really.
NEG by main concern in moto g battery backup.of battery back is increased then this product would be best in this price category.
NEG only flaw is battery is draining quickly when we play games .
POS battery lasts most of the day and that with me using it at least 15 mind every he.
NEG had to return the first unit which was delivered as the battery used to drain within less than 1 he.again feeling let down the battery need to be charged less than 12 hours if using without any data usage.of connecting to internet you need to carry a battery back or the phone would be just a paper weight as it drain out in few hours.
NEG sons are its heating issue the temperature can raise unto 46 c which can be felt easily after 10 or 15 min of heavy usage .
NEG no heating , sound problems as reviewed by others .
NEG ratification light is not bright enough last words to for it if you want pure andros experience in unfordable price and you are ready to compromise battery life and normal heat up.
NEG performance wise it was as expected from motorola, but the battery back up is not as expected.
POS battery life-getting around 6 his 2.
NEG > letter camera had : > battery but not a big problems.
NEG sons 1 the camera is not so imp as it give the same quality image as my samson waves imp camera gives 2 the battery wont stand up for 4-5 hours but its ok as i am using my phone every minute.but.
NEG its battery is not bad.to heating issue i felt.
POS battery back is good.
NEG very nice features ,awesome battery back got 1 st one in mid december 2014 had sound problem & him slot problem and ordered in late january 2015 had display problem & got replacement in feb 2015 on th august that replacement was totally dead in morning sometime after full charge(no water ingress deposited it in service center(rourkela,odisha) on with aug they could not identify the problem and kept the device giving me 8 to 10 days time to repair.
NEG vice phone and nice performance camera quality also sup but battery back if using only for call means it ll stand by 1 and half day or using fully grs mean one day stand by other wise sup .
NEG least now they should have used 2500 may battery for the inch new moto g(2nd genu , but they have used the same 2070 may battery.mitka battery(2070mh) performance is good if it is mixed use.
NEG battery life by phone lasts about 2 days between charges with light to moderate use.
POS i am using this phone since from 2 weeks.no heating issues,no hanging problems,camera clarity is good,sound clarity is good love motorola products.
NEG battery doesn last too much.
POS very slim n easy to hold in one hand n grip is also nice battery gives a decent output of 1 day wid moderate to little bit heavy use.
NEG however the battery back is not that great.
NEG had battery life been bit more i would have rate this 5.
NEG ****the wall charging unit provided by moto is heating like anything.**and battery performance is average.
POS battery is good and look and feel is awesome.
POS battery life is also very good.
NEG battery 2070 may is a very big mistake with a 5 inch display.
NEG probably not quite as good as last years moto g because battery life but definite plumes with size sound & lolipop for under $200.
POS shone battery is fast consumed.
NEG battery life is around 1 to 1.5 days depending on usage.
NEG battery life is amazing.all these moto g and generation is work as far as battery life is concern.the main reason for me to buy new phone was battery life.but moto g and generation is worst for its battery life.every one had battery problems it takes 4 hours to charge the complete battery and it takes 3 hours to drain if you have g data on.
NEG the battery need to charge minimum for 5 hours then also the charge wont last for even 4 his.it has heating problems.
NEG to heating issue ( i dont play games but heavy user of google apps) 6.battery backup: not bad.
NEG 3)the battery takes so long to charge up.i have handled many top model phone with large battery life,but none took such long hours to charge up the entire phone.
NEG very weak battery the phone performance is acceptable and good enough for a day to day use i use exclusively for moves and call him a ardent twitter fan.
NEG great battery capacity 2070.extend battery life one trick is just select power off by understanding of motorola suggestions thank to flipkart for fast delivery.rose vice battery.
NEG (2/10) battery back is worst.
NEG good in performance but poor in battery life.
NEG purchased and using for week , still unable to resolve battery draining issue.
POS battery back up is one of the issues that one can find in many of the multimedia smart phone now a days.
NEG his is when i realize the battery icon indicates that the phone is plugged but was not charging.
NEG mobile is overall good as this was my first motorola phone but the battery needs to be charged twice in a day.so if i am out for a day need to think twice on using my data pack or else the phone is dead end of the day.
POS battery back is ok 2.
NEG this pen z assume i but dis pen am flipkart & know am using dis pen feeling good camera quality good performance z good battery packed is also good but it could have better increase the battery from 2070 to 2300 as moto g to moto go.
POS its a very good phone with lots of features in this price range but there is problem of battery drain out at once.by phone was fully charged at once whole battery got drained out and it came to 9%.
NEG flipkart just created with a defective product and denied to return with a bullshit way says smartcheck.i am still facing heating problem and battery drainage problem simply while talking to someone for 10-15 mind.
NEG battery drain within 5 to 6 hrs.and it takes too much time to charge.
POS wonderful display and battery backup.
NEG battery back for this mobile is not so accurate if we use applications using data connection i observed the battery is discharging so fast.and in this model the battery is built with the mobile we canst remove it if we have a problem with battery we must hanover the entire mobile to service center.
NEG by only complaint is battery life.
POS the battery life amazingly lasts more than a day and a half upon moderate usage 3.
NEG only problem with the phone is battery backup.
NEG motorolla phone are quite good in function and battery life compared to samsung galaxys.overall phone battery comes for almost a day and half of regular using mine was rooted though with lots of apes and running widgets) so for the normal user it should last 2 days.clash is like samson bright led to good fixed battery should sell the phone in a year after warranty else battery cost will be high for replacement as it is fixed.
POS there are other option but with moto g you will have no problems as it is strong fast with a good battery.battery lasts a day with heavy use.
NEG but cannot son with ff as well as whatsapp contact battery back is not unto the mark.
NEG the battery could have been better.android is anyway not good with battery life.
POS google l will coming for this device and battery lasts as most other smart phone boats of .
NEG the display is awesome the sound quality and camera are too good.but i have some issues with the battery.the battery does not last even 15-18 hrs.i dont expect a smartphone battery to last more than 24 his like the old nikita phones.but still when you are buying a 13000 rubles phone,the battery could have been little bit better.hope that when moto go is released,the battery life issue is addressed.
NEG battery not good - does not last full day for average use.
NEG talking about the battery life it does not even last a day so if you are planning to place an order then add a power bank in your cart too(its a must which means another 2000 bucks .heating issues(sometimes).
POS great one does its job well however had moto given a better battery this would have been brand killer one.
NEG this product is not have a long battery life & call waiting service & hanging when you calling this is the verse product.
NEG the only problem area is battery which has to be charged daily and perhaps every smartphone has the same problems.
NEG to call record option on call i m not getting battery back.
POS good price for this products the only disadvantage i see is the battery isn removable.
POS good performance hardly had any last games also run fine no issues whatsoever must want to say that battery isn great on this device but am fully satisfied with the phone.
NEG battery is poor.
POS it is good to maintain good battery back good andros experience though a bit overpriced .
NEG so guns think twice to buy moto go who used to keep their phone in shirt pocket and once again about battery back.
NEG comes to battery which is average almost used up in approve.
NEG sons i am quite upset with the battery performance.anyway i dont feel any major issue except battery performance.
NEG sons 1 battery back is not unto the mark.hardly gives battery back of 15 hours with medium usage.
NEG co of non removable battery its become impossible to do boot up.and it takes years to get full charge even if you charge on airplane mode it takes 3 he at-least to get full charge and battery drains in 4 he which sucks.
NEG the battery life is also very poor.
NEG battery will run only one day on full charge.
NEG sons : some times i have noticed the battery trains out very fast.
POS heating is convenient and all option are great.
NEG only negative point i feel is the battery is not good.
NEG the company may provide battery of at least 3000 may because the battery runs quickly while using internet.
POS its just fantastic phone but just with a probe heating and takes too much time for charging.
POS battery drains within 4 hour of continuous use of net overall good.
NEG battery life.
NEG also lollipop update has caused much for the battery drain.
NEG perform lawless but the battery does not last half a day on 3g.
NEG battery was very worst and its performance also not better go another option this totally not good.
NEG only the speakers and sound quality could have been made better.hope the built battery lasts long ( at least 3 years.
POS battery is sufficient for my daily usage.
NEG however you have a micro-sd slot to increase the limited memory.thirdly, the battery life.for people who are continuously chatting and calling and playing games the battery will not last long enough.
POS the battery life is excellent.
NEG by moto g and genu is heating too much during normal operations like talking listing songs and using camera etc.i have received it on october 22 and started using it from october 27, 2014 and facing this heating issue from day first.temperature is touching 42c.its heating too much (44 c) in normal operations.
NEG its not the best one as mentioned contact while making calls getting hanged every time and low battery back up camera clarity also varying from tic to pic.
POS good battery for an average user like me.
NEG need improvement in battery back up.excellent clarity of photos.but my phone is getting struck frequently.even my music player wont play frequently still there are some technical issues pus solve them.
POS and battery life is also good for medium usage it can survive the whole day.
POS good phone except for battery stand by.it only holds on for a day.
POS the phone has good build great display and battery backup.
POS i friends this pon is a good and quality is good because we know that motorola but this phone battery life is not good.
NEG battery ave ( last for 10-12 his ) even on ave use of phone.
NEG never issue with battery back up .
POS shone battery life is excellent.
NEG over heating is there even for less usage also.
NEG some people are said battery back up is problem but i didn find battery back problems.
NEG i just wish the battery lasted a bit longer than a day with the internet on.
NEG the speck of the phone is very good but battery performance is very poor am charging 2 times a day.other than that everything else is very good for this low prices.
NEG letter battery life - i think this is the only thing in the list i would actually pay for.
NEG but there is only one with is mobile that is battery drains quickly.
NEG battery life is unto the expectations complete full 24hrs in one charging with all multimedia taking.
NEG battery lockup is very poor.
NEG twitched from a nexus 4 to this because i was fed up with poor battery life.
POS i am writing this review after using moto g gen 2 for over 210 days and evaluation it on every parameter including battery life , performance , build quality sound quality , camera quality etc initially when i got this product it was working on mitka 4.4.4 and at that time the battery back and performance of this phone was pretty good.the performance of my device started increasing and so as the battery life.
POS you canst remove the battery.
POS overall performance is good but battery charging rate is poor.battery capacity may also be increased with such a big size phone.
NEG to heating problems.
NEG works prefect as expected no heating issues.battery is not that great which is usual with most smartphones.
NEG battery back is almost 14-16 hours with moderate usage.value for money.only con is the battery but since him not into heavy gazing it lasts 24 hours easily for me.
NEG i have been using this phone for the past 3 days and i am really satisfied with all the features of this phone except the battery .after 50 % charge is left on the device the battery will hold on to some time.when the battery is fully charged the discharging is taking place like a count down whether you use the phone or not.
NEG his phone is good but some sons is there speakers are not good noisy sound come battery also not that much effective.
NEG i bought this one month ago form flipkart.com after 10-11 days it started showing signal problems i place a replacement request and after 2 days received a call from technical department they try to resolve the problem and cut the phone the problem is still there one again i place a replacement request but the same happen and battery of this is continuously getting low 7-8 hours only.
NEG the battery could have been a little better to support the big crisp display and heavy usage of users these days.to issues with the performance except for the battery.
POS battery back up is good camera is awesome.
NEG the only limiting thing is the battery.
NEG heap plastic.bought it for my mom.she rates battery life she rates the interface the used htc one v before and she always complain why i didn bought her an htc device.
NEG but the real issue the battery it takes very long time to get fully charged and battery is finished within 6-7 hours.
NEG battery consumption has gone up drastically.
POS blue tooth wifi, all work perfectly well battery the most important aspect of a smartphone nowadays is its battery.i use another phone with over 4000mah battery.but instead of the resent 2010 battery moto g could have put a 2500 battery.it will save a little more of your battery.
NEG too any problems,especially problem with speaker and mobile becomes idle for some time less battery back.
NEG this mobile is very bed its automatic too heat and battery so poor discharge in few hour without use so i advised dont purchase this phone this is very bed product and motorola service center is few city in india so beware.
POS the phone is awesome, the best feature is the battery backup, but the camera has little fixed issues.
NEG had thing i may face future is of built battery.normally in all smartphones after some time of use shone gets hanged only one way to bring the phone back in action is to remove the battery and place it back and switch it on.were if the phone gets hanged you have to find a service center or have to wait till the battery get empty.
POS wonderful delivery by flipkart and product is awesome with comes with lollipop 5.0.2 version and camera quality is exceptional and built quality is pure in style and everything is fine but not satisfied with battery with only 2070 may.
POS battery performance is little disappointing.overall it is a good phone to buy.
NEG only the concern is with battery backup.
NEG not working correctly after 3 months - issue with battery full charged battery even delete within seconds.
NEG suddenly stops directing the simcard, battery indicator shows 100 percent for a few hours until it suddenly goes dead shutting down the phone.
NEG the battery back is very poor.
NEG battery is worst ever even in single him use.
NEG it starts heating after using it for 10 minutes.
NEG the battery life is reduced by 1 full day in mitka - battery life was 2-2.5 days in lollipop - 1 day maxim.
NEG moto g and generation mobile have good sound quality and voice clarity but battery back up is poor otherwise best mobile the competitive mobile.
NEG and battery back up is only 6 hours.
NEG battery life is not good get heated so much.
NEG the only con is battery.but with the battery save option they have tried to improve it.
POS battery life is also very decent.
NEG vice products vice battery backup, less battery consumption on data/internet.
POS ought it for someone who is a very light user and hers getting 2 days battery life which is good.
NEG there is no battery complaints.
NEG battery drains pretty soon and needs a long to time to charge the whole thing up again.also the battery drains quickly.its really a very god mid range phone and battery is just awesome n camera is just awesome n no issues god work by motorola n goose.
POS battery back up is good.
POS battery life is good.
NEG it have a good display but on the other hand battery is too poor.
NEG i didn find any issues till now degraded to lolipop.not heating no hanging .
NEG battery - there is no idle battery time on this device.the battery drains really quickly.his of idle time drained 32% of the battery.his battery issue is there in all moto go mobile across the globe.wont be fooled by its 2070 may battery it is worthless.
NEG yeah of you dont bother about battery then you should go ahead and buy this phone.
NEG a strong built phone loaded with all the best features except battery back every features are great.if your budget is 13k just go for it.
POS battery back is great.
POS battery life is good.
NEG was anybody faced heating issue.i am experiencing the heating issue if the camera is used for 5-10 minutes or playing for 15 min.
NEG after battery drains to 60% phone dies in another 2 his whether u use it or not.another probe is with the secondary camera it is not enabled in my device or there is no option to take secondary came.
POS 2 to 3 day battery back while normal use.
NEG snap dragon at its best.almost 2 comes are sleeping when only normal use to save battery like call sums cheating calculator.battery is very poor.need at least 3000mah.
POS easy to use sons : battery backup.
POS battery life is excellent in general use i could easily see a single charge lasting a full day or more with moderate use.however games really eat the battery in just a couple hours.
NEG the lollipop update has extended the battery life considerably but if like me your phone is connected to iii 24/7 you'll have to charge it often.
NEG i received the product and charge the battery for more than 6 hours so that it would be long lasting in future.but from the next day itself i came to realised that the battery drain so fast despite i am not using it much.
NEG i purchased this phone for better battery but bit not satisfied me.
NEG for this display needs 3000 mah battery.
NEG but taking long time in battery charging battery.
NEG there are not many sons about this device but if i had to say one.it would a little bit bigger battery.
NEG i would not suggest one outing for this mobile co of issues(cracking sound from speaker heating etc.).
NEG not satisfied this mobile i am getting some heating issue and charging takes long time to full the battery around 3 his.
NEG but am and battery little bit higher who would happen.
NEG the phone was heating up abnormally and too fast and the camera doesn work most of the time.
POS bigger and good than moto g except battery performance).
NEG camera is good but not the best as 8 megapixel after use of 3 months - my mobile will not give heating problem as i read from review - no single problem why to buy : 1.
POS have bought this after thinking so much over other phone in the same range,its great with its storage,camera,3g now , call quality and battery backup.
NEG this is a good phone no complaints regarding its performance but company should work on its looks and battery backup.
NEG there not a lot of issues to complain about except for the battery.
NEG by advice of you r a travelling kind of person then the battery is not that great.
NEG battery life - well it lasted a maximum of about 40 hours with calling messaging, surging and online apply on 3g, hence quite decent.
NEG coming to the mobile it is great for its price , only few minor sons though like battery back up is not satisfactory and front camera quality is not that good .
POS battery back is awesome.
NEG i have got this product from flipkart 3 months back although display camera everything is fine but battery back up is a let downhill suggest to go for micromax or samson they are having better battery back up.avoid.
POS good battery than samson those i have used yet.
NEG and the battery,one of the biggest problem in android,but the moto g can give up to around 15 hours on normal usage.so its decent battery i didn liked the volume and power buttons though,they are perfectly fitted.but its not a major concern.
NEG battery required 10 hours to charge fully.and drained lastly in 3-4 hours even with battery saving apes installed and optimized.
NEG awesome shone but battery back is not good with data connection i love this phone n its amazing phone.
NEG global version works well after i modified the apn to work with straight talks hspa+ apn since this phone doesn have lte.cons: on removable battery maybe you can replace if you have the right tools a little on the heavy side maybe a fro for some to lte big letdown but hspa+ is sufficient for average users septic feedback is a bit on the rough side.
NEG this moto g second generation mobile is nice but battery is gone in one day , i recommended this mobile ,hearphones very bad.
NEG battery life for heavy users is 24 his.
POS battery is also nice .
NEG mobile takes more than 5 hours for full battery charge network drops many times some heat problems.
NEG getting heating problem and speaker problem.and if we are doing any updation related to music file and pp related it is not effect we have to start mobile.
NEG battery capacity is less for a 5 inch phone .
POS all be quick about it cheap and worthy solid built great performance pure android;- nice-looking;- good grip while holding it crisp display 2300mah battery would probably make this phone perfect at this prices.
POS battery > battery is working very well and after a normal day usage is only coming down to around 45-50% by the evening when i reach home and charges back up pretty quickly.cpu management is also well balanced keeping required cpu core in sleep/standby mode so as to save battery.
NEG only battery door i have not understood.
NEG moto g-2 absolute pain vasool, but his battery back-up is very bad 4-6 hour in a day and dual speakers are create confusion when u attend the call.
POS battery back is also good.
NEG its been a week i bought this phone the only problem is battery.of the same problem battery continues i dont know how that can be rectified.
NEG never owned a android phone nor motorola, so far loving it very fast good quality camera but little weak battery but overall good phone.
POS moto g and men look is great performance is good but when i play game real facing for 1-2 hours battery goes down in 6-7 hours including normal use in rest of hours (i.e.
NEG to heating problems.only a minor problem that is the power of battery it drains very quickly.
NEG battery is not good of this phone.
POS everything is perfect except the battery.
NEG battery life is as usual average.battery is a bit poor thought last almost 7 to 8 hours on single charge while using heavy internet and gazing.
NEG and both him are hspa+ no need to change him for using hspa net sterno speakers has very nice sound quality.and no heating issue.
POS the battery is really bad.aorta watch its battery performance now.
POS sons at times the battery heat up.
NEG battery 2.
NEG his product is good for looking wise , performance , they build quality but we compromise in some thing like they battery back is worst , senior are very slow to react .
NEG poor battery back.near rear camera heating is there it not a big deal keep it idle a 5 mind everything is set now 3.
NEG it is strucking,over heating what not everything performance is worst.
NEG usage for 5mins,battery back up very less.
NEG used it for a month.no problems.even battery back is okay.hd games can be played without lag.but.
NEG the battery back is not so good.battery heat up during phone usage and discharges very quickly.
NEG heating any hardware issues.
NEG reasons : very slow heating issues takes his to charge pp clashes by itself.
NEG i was facing battery back issues ( it was giving only 2-3 his back in 2g/3g network and getting an exclamation mark beside mobile network.
NEG battery life is a little disappointing but the other features makes for it.
POS awesome mobile with great features worth for money good battery backup.
NEG your star for battery.
NEG the battery is very bad need to charge twice a day for using wi-fi.
NEG camera false light is not working and battery back is low tried for return products.
NEG i am using this phone for last 6 months,this is a good at 12999/- but do not expect a good battery backup, with 3g/2g on it sucks it comes hardly 12hrs.
NEG for the price it is much more worth but the only problem is battery backup.it is 2100 ah battery but it doesn act for that.
NEG battery enough for day and half with moderate usage only 2g, no 3g) round front facing sterno speakers is a bonus but goodness is less.
NEG only single problem is battery which goes down and is the case of all the android phone.
NEG that lay in store for me was a terrifying reality - i had to pay 80 percent of the total cost to get my battery jack fixed.
NEG 3 there is no mile manager pp need to download from goose play 4 to meme pp need to download from goose play 5 battery works for 12 hours with full day internet (data & wifi), 4 hours talk time.
NEG only drawback is molded battery.
NEG to issue except little heating and battery drainage.
NEG the thing that i like most about this is that i can use the gps almost all day without running out the battery very much.almost every other phone will really quickly drain the battery.
POS by galaxy crashed all the time and had an exceedingly short battery life.
POS no words to say just awesome i have been using since a week fantastic display and battery with stand is good and better than other phone.
NEG and the battery drains so fast that it will not last for 8 hours even if you are a light user.flipkart called me and told me that if my battery temperature is more than 45 degrees they will consider it as a heating issue.i tested again just know what would be the battery temperature.
POS battery back up also good.
NEG the problem one i found is same as every andros phone has very much heating when using internet and especially video call.
NEG but there is little bit disadvantage is there that is the battery is not powerful of this phone.
NEG the battery was almost dead after the first day of use.
NEG having get time with moto g second gen. battery back up is okay.
NEG note battery is the only problem it has just 2070 may power.
POS i have used this phone for some time now and i really like it a lot overall the battery life is great.
NEG battery gets drained soon.3.
NEG but with a poor battery life all is vain.
NEG i got moto g and men and found worst battery every.it took 3.5 to 4.5 hour to get full charge and of you are surging internet on phone then battery dont last more then 6 hours.
NEG heating up issues and the list goes on.
NEG everything is better except battery.battery is not running more than 4 hrs.
NEG fast discharging(after android l updated need to keep overnight charging & battery back would be hardly from 22 his to 24 his.
NEG the battery back is not at all unto mark.
NEG coming to the battery.
NEG only thing i dont like is the battery is part of the phone.i was aware of the removable battery and since have only had it a few days that the reason for 4 of 5 stars.battery life is about as expected.
NEG battery back is only for 8-10 his of of god users battery is the most defects.its of 2070mah battery is not efficient.
POS good display and lollipop update is also very nice and smooth very happy with over all performance battery back is also fine camera quality also fine of both primary and secondary overall all performance is very good.
POS very next day battery also started draining fast.
NEG battery back is not good.
NEG battery back lasts for a full working day not more.
NEG now the camera canst focus and heating issues.
POS battery and other accessories completely original and working fine lollipop andros update is available you will receive it within a day and its doubles the enjoyment must buy acceptable price but some product.
POS good one but battery back up not good.battery.
NEG one of the worse cell every battery disfunctioning just after 3 months of usage and many other small issues which are really irritating.
POS reason : good battery life and music quality good on moto g earlier model.
NEG average camera ( horrible in low light battery lasts a day for me not more.
NEG device is good on the part of performance but battery drains out very quickly.the reality of motorola is that they have very bad service centres(specially if you are in bhubaneswar).
POS the battery back up is just okay for 1 day for voice calls and 1 to 2 his of data usage.
NEG battery charging is a big problem.
POS rose - good battery life with minimal usage of wife and internet - easy to hold - all quality is better compared to other phone sons - would not be suitable for users who would like to install dozens of pp which runs in back ground.
NEG long battery life 5.
NEG battery lasts a day - but i guess all smartphones do the same.
POS product is really good with an excellent camera and battery back up we are using it for the last 5 months.thanks to flipkart.
NEG battery performance is very poor.
NEG simply superb.except for the battery backup.value for the money.awesome service from flipkart.
NEG also the battery only lasts for 12-13 hours after being fully charged.
NEG everything else fine except battery life and heat generate due to continuous use.
NEG however with time the phone gets hanged even after putting (16gb sd cards and the battery also gets drained very fast.
NEG the only thing that i have is the battery.2600mah battery should have been used.well with this battery him obey.
NEG all option is good but only thing is battery back is pooooor,we want upgrade version of lolipop then every thing is fine.
NEG i am using this phone this is very good phone at this prices camera quality is too good but battery is not so good.
POS a bit slippery so be careful with it but really nice great battery and good sound.
NEG but battery back is not so good.i have to charge it at the end of the day.
POS a smart mid range phone which work well great performance and great battery life.
NEG considering my pretty high usage of whatsapp and facebook, battery still lasts for an entire day and not phone doesn heat up or anything when charging.
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG recently i bought one inspire of sparing use with no video playback the battery was found fully drained within three hours.
NEG battery back is worst than any other phone.of i had money i would have sued motorola for its add showing good battery back up.
NEG by only problem is battery life.
NEG i have taken moto go on 24 june which is my fourth hands in motor previous three handiest are too good but this one is too worst for my surprise the hands getting heated up when i keep in my pocket and moreover the battery getting drained within 2 hours of its full charge,,,,.
NEG its been two days the i am using the phone but dont know why the phone is heating even i am not using it.i though that it might be due to the texture but i has moto g st gen and its not heating.
NEG battery life is average i would say.will drain out real quick if u are a photo maniac and keep clinking photos all day.
POS great phone amazing battery life.
NEG not fully satisfaction this products poor battery backup.
POS another major concern is the battery.
NEG the biggest problem of this phone is its battery.
NEG battery was charging very slow i think the problem is with charge.
NEG battery is not good.heating problems.
POS battery performance is average thanks -nagesh.
NEG battery drops quickly have to use many battery save apes to use it throughout the day.
NEG battery lockup problem while suffering internet.
NEG overall performance of mobile is very good.but main issue is battery life.it took 4-5 hours to charge and it discharge like china mobiles.it gives only 4-5 hours backup.if i use wife for 1 hour then around 20 % battery is discharge.totally disappointed from motor.
NEG many of them said the battery is bad but that not the cases if you are a normal user you'll get almost 16 hours of back which is the best at this price point.
NEG and i haven seen such a symmetrical phone every besides the front cam and slight weight at the battery side one canst tell top or bottom.
NEG the only bad thing is that having just a month and a half i use the battery lasts less time than when they received having the same use so giving it four stars.
NEG and battery life is also average day maximum in moderate use moto should cut this phone price.and in men it should put at least 2500mah battery.
POS all the features of this are good except its battery life.
NEG rarely use a cell phone since i live in a very rural area with bluff all around so cell signals are quite spotted and i would expect the battery to last much longer however i do have several apes installed so that may be the culprit.4).
NEG motorola battery could have been better to usb detachable charge.
NEG but battery was taking 3 to 3.5 his to charge and back is little less still not a problems finally this was excellent in 13000 prices.
NEG 5 - camera dear - 4 stars sons 1 - battery 2070 may - 3 stars.
NEG taking 2 to 3 hours to charge 100% battery.100% battery will come for 10 to 11 hours only.
NEG note (must read): it the starting i was having battery issue like battery percentage was not accurate like battery percentage get stuck at 80% and remains to 80% for 2-3hours then suddenly drops to 51% .also battery was draining quickly so i performed some tears to get better battery life .calibrated battery 3.now am getting 16-18hours battery backup.
POS i am using this product from last 4 month good battery backup, good sound.
POS its work well with kitkat,but after updated with lolipop performance laws a bit and battery problem increase.otherwise camera is superb and design and build quality is good.waiting for 5.1 update and i hope all problems will be corrected.
NEG rose camera quality day and night both awesome got lollipop pre-updated best mid range phone worth the price has all goose apes preinstalled sons dram saturated after 6hrs, need to do a ram clean up battery drains out a bit faster depends on how u save it course -headphones' quality is good but the shape sucks things i hate is the built in music player it wont play a song after day needs restarted may be bug in the pp cannot download song directly.
NEG a complete phone in all aspects.super performance.lovely design.great camera.average battery.
NEG secondly battery back is terrible.of you brows continuously for about an hour or so the battery will drain easily by 40% i have raised a return request with flipkart due to defective apiece & loudspeaker.
POS overall its an awesome shone but the main draw back is battery backup.
POS battery last a day based on the usage.
POS west in class camera guaranteed upgrade to lollipop and yes full day battery . . .
NEG fellow i buyer it 1 week before for the past 7 days i felt awesome about the phone performance its having brilliant display and speakers are good internet usage is awesome pages will load so quickly but the phone is heating around the rear camera it always heat i dont know why and in multitasking if you jumps from game and if you return to it the game will restarted this is kind of ugly using g in this mobile is not good for 10 minutes usage your phone will get heat a lot around the rear camera.
NEG but one thing i felt was battery is draining too fast though i have not installed many apply.
NEG about the phone battery fig issue below are the problem that i am facing 1.battery does not last even 6 hours.
NEG there was no proper battery back up.of the mobile gets shut down by draining the battery then need to struggle for least two or three hours to get it started again.
NEG firstly i have experienced over heat at speaker end while in call and battery was worst i can ask because if i charged in morning it will be 20% by pm even i am not using the data,apps and music.
POS i am very happy with my new phone was windows user and was reluctant to switch to andros but now i feel that i made a correct decision by buying this phone.the best part is its price.its just wonderful to get the specification at this price range.the black color looks better than the white have not faced any issues with the battery yet.the flipkart delivery was also good.
NEG the wall charging unit provided by moto is heating like anything.
NEG got d phone by d expected date just with in 5 days after placing d order dis review is after using a month performance:great n after using for a long tm it just waits for a see n pick up battery:it good battery life for 5 to 6 hours on browsing net connectivity:good not so bad camera:awsome,i had a great experience we can capture around 100 pick in min n finally its some it dont install any new locks it gives a head ache to u.
NEG battery back is very poor.
NEG battery is for 1 day in which i play candy crush for 15-20 min a day 8-10 calls and somewhat whatsapp.so battery life is not so good power saving mode is a good option when you less battery left in this the.
NEG just bought a new phone few days back and it just started heating at every thing i used even when i was using camera it was heating on using whats-app too it was heating.
POS camera quality is very good but i miss my peri quality sound and battery back is also good.
NEG battery is average you will need to charge once a day at normal usage.
NEG battery: --------------- i am not a camera but i do browsing a lot.
POS quality of the camera is good and battery back also good.
NEG software-pretty much stock andros with no file explorer but u can always install third party apes which work fearlessly and the most important feature is that it will receive andros l update any time soon which is a great feature as it comes with enhanced battery power and material design.plays.
NEG the battery drains in 24hrs once the mobile data is on and takes 4 to 5 hours to get it full charged.
NEG battery is not standing for long time.
NEG the disappointment comes when the battery is considered the battery is same 2070 may which should had been at least 2500 to 2700 may.
NEG battery back very poor , audit recording very low volume ,audiojack sound very low sound not good over all ok.
NEG only battery back is somewhat on sons side else no complaint.
NEG i use micro him cards inserting it according to instructions contact face to battery).
NEG after upbraiding to lollipop, in charging my mobile for 6-8 hours to reach 100% full battery.its coming down from 100% to 10% with in few hours.not at all satisfied with the battery consumption and the time it is taking to get the full charge.im planning to sell this mobile.any one interested can reach me.thanks.
POS battery gets you through the day and charges quickly 5.
POS well first off i am not sure how others here are getting such great battery life.his is actually one of the top letdowns on this sequel and i know how to manage a devices battery.
NEG battery also could have been better.
NEG round a problem in the phone when switched off for 12 hours battery gets automatically drained off.
NEG very bad experience with my new phone and flipkart battery training so fast phone getting heated up quickly.battery does not last even 4 hours.after a full 100% recharge, the phone battery keeps draining itself.the battery just lasts for 4 hours top using net,social media apes and music.people have written reviews saying that their phone battery has lasted up to a whole day if not more using everything.
POS awesome battery life lollipop, morning gorilla glass.
NEG the only drawback that i see is the battery.
POS most of the reviews in other sites complained about the battery performance but for me its quite good as per the current operating statistics of smartphone batteries.
POS good battery life.
NEG another major issue i have found with and generation which was not present in the earlier version is its battery life.the phone drains quite a lot of battery power even when it is idle.to when you take your phone in the morning you will find that the battery is several notes down from what you left it in the night.this drainage issue was not there in the st genu.to all in all moto g and gen still remains the best phone to buy in this budget with some issues related to multitasking ability and battery life.
NEG to issues with battery backup.
POS great camera feels great display is awesome battery life is great and easy to use.
POS battery is top notch.
NEG best points water-resistant, 16gb internal if u having battery draining problem than just rest or phone.
NEG after two months of buying this device i am facing battery issues.suddenly the battery level drops to 1-2%.
POS have been using the phone for 6 days and i think battery life has scope for improvement.
NEG battery back is poor.there need to improve in battery backup.
POS very good phone in budget with good features but battery is one and only problem after that no doubt at all to be purchases.
NEG update: noticed battery problem that is very intermittent.even battery is around 80%, suddenly it goes to 1%.when finally after so many followups, i got call and these idiot tried to check battery with their shit pp.to the pp passed the battery.i dont know how reset can affect battery but still i wasted 2-3 hours in back-up my data.
POS which is fluid and fast.good display decent battery life superb call quality.
POS very decent battery back up.
NEG the coolness of the color temperature and undersaturation of colors are noticeable but the display looks pretty good overall.the speakers are an improvement over other phone have had but i dont have any experience with the acclaimed htc "boomsound" honest.i just replaced a battery in one of my other phone for $5.
NEG the battery is not that great.
NEG of some one is buying this for playing games then you should go for some other option (2000mah+ battery).giving it 4 start as disappointed with battery life.
NEG moto g problem he mobile heating problem and network error battery lockup problem only white mobile.
NEG pathetic would be a soft word for the battery this one has.2 months old and already passed off with the battery backup.even i phone give better battery performance.
POS battery is oka.
NEG also the smaller battery is incredibly disappointing in contrast to the earlier iteration.i purchased this as a cheaper alternative to a oneplus one but i regret that decision almost daily.
NEG i would buy it again or for someone else!only one con really for me i wish the battery life lasted longer.
NEG battery performance is just like andros phone but slight better than others.
NEG one is battery.the battery is very weak.but still battery doesn last for the time till i go home back by 7 pmb.
NEG i have been using this phone for 1 month now.no issues with the phone,battery or display only one issue.while multitasking the battery gets heats-up.
NEG battery is same to canvas so i know how to use this new phone but it is almost 24 he still battery running on if and whatsapp.
POS the battery back has been decent.
NEG battery back is average.
NEG the battery is very poor.
POS it should increase its battery to 3000mah in future overall good to use.
POS its performance is superb but battery back is very door i give rating as 4 because of poor battery .
NEG only problem battery backup.i think we can managed company could have upgrade battery capacity as they have increased display size.
POS battery life is certainly an issue for me on this phone.
NEG sons battery is ok type although it works for me a whole day and sometimes 16-18 hours but what anybody can expect from a smartphone.when it comes to battery life all smartphones are more or less same.it depends on how you use it.
POS performance is to good as of now i download all required apes and didn any issue like heating hanging.to heating issue like mi4i, yureka.battery back is also good.
POS excellent product even though battery back up is not unto the mark.
NEG it at battery smooth with a more than adequate 5", 720p display and 8mp front facing camera.
POS its good performance is much better than the earlier version the only con is battery doesn last longer in this device.
POS a highly recommended budget smart phone , it never hands that the best part about it battery back is good and updated are coming for this model that a plus point.
NEG battery does not last even 6 hours.its poorest battery i very seen in andros 4.
NEG after 4 months a fully charged battery lasts 4 hours and i am not running a lot of background apply.
POS battery life is great.
NEG battery seems to be holding up now as that was my major concern.
NEG only problem is battery life.it.
POS battery performance is a big drawback in this mobile.
NEG and yes i have done the charging as the manufacturer recommends to recalibrate the battery.
NEG all games are running smoothly without any heating problems.but i found that sometimes there is an echo during calls.
POS battery easily lasts a day took its a bit bigger than my earlier moto g but unless you are gathered about that its one of the best phone available in this segment.
NEG but the only probe is when you are playing high end games u can see a drop of 10-15% battery in 15 mins.so.cost heating problem - this device gets heated up very soon.
POS features and performance are key features little challenge u guns face with battery back.
NEG must one problem in the mobile is average battery life need power bank for long use.
NEG the battery however is pretty average.
POS battery is good and camera works fine in daylight.also running on andros l now.3 months passed till now not a single issue with it.
NEG only con of this phone is its battery.its draining like hell just getting 5-6 hours battery back up.all only say that go for it but u he to compromise on battery back up which is a blunder committed by the motorola.
NEG battery back up is not unto mark.
NEG battery sucks waste phone you need to keep charging hours per day better wait for moto g 3 gen it will be released in the month of aug and sept.
NEG would have done better with the battery.
POS shone is decent to use however battery needs to be more powerful.
NEG it might be better if the battery back has increased.
NEG battery really could have been improved the 2070 may is not enough for a 5 inch phone.the battery is built-in and non-removable.
NEG very had experience with voice clarity while on call voice is surrounding & echo and its seems like making cal on speaker phone.not expected with moto g2.instead moto e has better crisp n clear voice battery performance is not so good.it should be 2500 may battery on this price brackets.
POS very good product and it is very stylish phone its very easy to use also but battery power is tittle bit less please improve that if u do its best for ever.
POS now i can say that the battery back is excellent.
NEG camera is awesome.i got the mobile with already updated lollipop.the only thing which is frustration is the battery dont know whether him using it too much or there is some problem with the battery itself.
NEG battery most worst 0/10 10.
NEG the battery life is about one complete day with at least 40 above oncoming and outdoing calls 15 minutes of skype, a half an hour mail checking and watching 4 or 5 rev anand/rajesh khanna/shammi poor songs on the youtube.
NEG the main problem with this device is its battery backup.
POS the best phone in this class display looks good battery gives full day support takes long time to change than other honest.
POS battery performance took etc.
NEG think if you have much more apes and games it will drain down the battery within less than half a day.you can watch few video in couture and check the battery level.
POS was a good battery life.
NEG its take 3:30+ hours to get 100% charged and battery drains out very fast.
NEG i purchased this product 10 days back and observed battery is not up to mark.
NEG battery life is oka but the may capacity itself could have been more.
NEG battery is not good when compared with the features of the phone.there.are many features offering new technology but the battery doesn stands more than 12 of normal usage and 5 hours of hard usage.please.change the battery to 3000 ah.
NEG minor drawback battery life is good but not great then it requires too much time for charging.
NEG full he video support and one day battery backup.
NEG using moto g 2 for 2 weeks its battery is the worst one it takes 4 hours to charge it fully.
NEG nice & excellent phone in all means but battery goes down quickly when we working on apps,buying smart phone is to use the apply manufacturers must should have this in their mind other than this its a excellent phone!!!!!!!!!!.
NEG moto and initially have heating problem but later it is solved.with experience i see the new gets heated faster and then after using couple of months heating problem have come down.
NEG i am getting irritation because of this battery back is ok for one day i think they are clearing the stock with all return or old phones.
NEG the battery life is good for me it lasts a day and a half with just basic usage.anything to help indicate which is the top of the phone.pros.great quality screenperfect size not too large (phablet) or too small.fastcharges battery much quicker than my old galaxy s2.consi dont get as good a reception inside my house as i did with my old galaxy siiit needs some kind of label or identified to tell which is top and bottom.no charging been or alert when its finished charging.
NEG will this day i have not experienced any trouble with the phone except the battery life which too holds good for one day without fail.
POS battery wise.
POS battery performance is koko no hanging.
NEG i caught this phone on 5 january 2015, but phone was not unto expectation and battery back is poor and flipkart dont take any responsibility of replacement , i got call when i raise a request regarding replacement and they deny replacement of phone.
POS usual front facing sterno speakers with amazing sound high capacity battery (approx.
NEG only remark is its battery is not satisfactory when i say satisfactory it is up to me some of my friends say this is good.
NEG i have been using a foka 5800 for many years and then i had tried the bony peri in for some time and i didn like it(very low battery performance and too buggy android).
NEG i bought moto g just two months back and its battery is almost dead red up of the backup.and its not like its battery is dead now from the day 1 its not giving the back as expected beside this camera quality is also not good.but i suggest if u r looking for good battery and camera then do not go for it.
NEG sons * battery lockup is not good(requires 2 to 3 charges a day if connected to 3g/2g all day plus games for 1 he and browsing 30mins and location services for 1 hours and battery one percentage drops every 10 to 15 mind * motorola should least give 3200mah battery for all the moto e,g,x series.
NEG product is good but having some problem with battery get heated and on large volume voice clarity is not so good.
NEG battery is only thing i felt bad.
NEG only concern is battery which does not last much if the internet is on.
POS battery back is also satisfactory its having one draw back that while playing games mobile get heated and it is very dangerous.
NEG little battery related problem , gets drains soon.
NEG moto g 2 gen is an some phone i m impressed with all of its features in such less pocket.i concern battery as a issue which is not actually bad but do not level up with all of its other features.blindly add it to your cart n buy it.gr8 expirence!!!!!!.
NEG pain reason to chose moto g is for battery backup.even though zenphone has go ram under 10000 price tags it lacks in battery backup.such satisfied with the battery.
POS plus the battery gets headed when charged.
POS battery back could have been unto 2500mah but still it works for a day with moderate use.
NEG cons: to far the only issue i have faced is the battery back up.
NEG battery last me for a full data even when the data is switched on.
NEG every thing is good about this phone except for battery life.and remember that battery is fixed as phone is water proof.if any thing happens to you battery then just go to motorola service center and they will change it for you.not open your phone and remove any of internal components or even battery as there is a naso coating.
POS god battery backup.
NEG battery charge in the and drain in 6 he.
NEG - i have the battery save on and i dont use bluetooth, so him getting almost 2 days of use out of it between 2 his usage every day between phone book reader music and will bit of browsing.
NEG battery drain too fast it does not last even for a half day when in use and it take too much time to charge.
NEG unlike any other andros phone the battery back is the only problem i face in this mobile.
NEG battery back very less.it eats battery without using the phone also.
NEG awesome phone at given price rose excellent camera battery life is good light weight sons heating problem during summer it becomes difficult to handle the phone during summer.
POS battery life good display fabulous and performance mind-blowing.
NEG after using it 15 days i am writing about this product.the speakers and camera is awesome when compared to moto e but the battery is too bad with a lollipop os.it gets drained very soon i tried the resecting option twice.now am thinking about returning and ordering a new one.
POS overall the phone is good for moderate gazing display also good battery life is decent but if you use wife gathering then you are going to face conductivity issues.
POS drop back of the phone is battery back not come up more than 1 day but still worth to buy the phone.
NEG in excellent mobile at this prices have been using it with single him the battery back is good considering the battery size.yes battery drains fast but it will remain least 18 hours which is not bad.
NEG its just mind blowing it never hangs.no issues with battery backup.great product from motorola.
NEG poor battery backup.
NEG battery : it could be better but still in mix usage like turn off sync,3g data location while u r not using giving back more than 1 day ice 1.6d, on ideal state it drains very less.
NEG battery back is the main problem with this phone if you didn charge your phone to full capacity before leaving for officer then you are in trouble.full battery hardly lasts for 16hrs,(with to data usage that may be because of conductivity issues.i noticed battery performance is good on wife than on 3g.
NEG there are serious battery issues the phone heat up.
NEG motorola has not provided a standby phone also despite repeated requests to do so.
NEG very poor battery life even for my limited net usage and video-streaming etc 2.met result is i have to download battery monster and power bolster and keep running them every 1 hour or so.
NEG i bought it by looking at some good reviews in market,but really telling you dont even think to buy this phone st of all as the phone is available only on flipkart so its a kind of monopoly kind of thing due which you will not get good service with so much discussions i replaced my phone with flipkart and the and set was also having multiple issues i think flipkart is just selling low quality products now a days built battery is another bad features battery charges very slowly and dip down suddenly.
POS camera is good,front camera is not unto that mark,good signal strength,3g working faster and battery is 2070mah which is little disadvantage but for this price it was good if compare other specification.
NEG last long battery 4.
NEG us zenfone is far better than moto g and men in all aspects like camera ram, standby battery and runs smoothly than moto g and men.
NEG if going to buy also back come it was nearly rs800 which is expensive and battery also not so good cam it is ok not sound not good for ask mobile and head set also.
NEG * good phone price wise * battery drains out very fast lasts only 6-7 hours if data enabled.******after the latest update (kitkat to lollipop) the phone battery performance has dropped drastically.:( i have to charge the phone three times a day even when the locations wife are disabled.i wonder what will happen if all the features are enabled.
NEG and yes about the battery its koko 8-10 his with normal usage.as its been a day or so using this mobile.will list out about battery back and few other things later.
POS getting full day battery back on normal use with wife 15-20 calls couture usage and gazing.to heating issues till now.
NEG battery life is very good.even while playing shalt 8 the percentage of battery drained was fare less.battery capacity could be more.
NEG battery life is just normal nothing special.there are some drawback , as is to be expected from a budget phone.the battery is non removable so that could be a problem for some people.
NEG connectivity is fantastic.leave everything on and it fearlessly switches between if and 3g, and bluetooth goes into a low power standby state when not connected to a haired device.
NEG it would've been 5 stars if the battery were better.
NEG the one & only flaw as per my usage was the battery back up.
POS highlight is certainly the battery.
POS battery life is decent with the 2700mah battery.
NEG battery performance is also not good need to plug in to lawton in officer.
NEG one more worst thing is battery is connected to the phone and can be removed separately.
NEG battery life of moto g gen 1 and 2), which was one of the major requirement of smart phone is great and last for a day and half when charged fully.
NEG battery back is just oka didn't last a day for me had to charge in the evening again.
NEG pro good battery life , supports org first in line for updated sons lower display compared to moto g 1 , becomes a little slow when a lot of apes are open.
NEG avg: battery in oka.
NEG maximum of goose applications like google , hangoutgmail pp etc are consuming more battery , wherein , we cannot install those pp as well which is a sad part again.
NEG poor battery life.
NEG i have searched for many mobile which are so reliable in all terms their is only one mobile moto g gen very good product this time it has better battery life than the st gen.
NEG sons : i noticed heating problem after 15-20 minutes usage.
POS rose west performance for price,slomo feature is awesome, best for listening music excellent bass tested with peri z both gave same bass performance stock andros for sappy performance guaranteed upgrade to lollipop,awesome wife range excellent gps with glonass, premium design excellent noise cancellation,awesome display vagrant and vivid excellent view angles otg support nice multitasker , nice battery life many more.
NEG battery drain out very fast.
NEG half the battery life 2.no removable battery 4.
POS battery life is great with one him but with 2 simon it will just get through the day.
NEG battery life.
NEG battery lasts enough on wife and 3g.
NEG battery stand by 11.battery charging takes a while (0.5mah output charge 2.battery lasts a day for moderate usage drops 10% every night with no wife or go ***3.
NEG battery life is okay not as worse as people have mentioned in other reviews.
NEG battery is very bad .
NEG battery back is decent.i charge the battery in morning for 1 and half hour and till coming to home from office at 9 pm the battery still has around 15% remaining , during the day i use g extensively and also play lots of games.
NEG motorola must resolve the issue of this heating.
NEG battery back is 1.5-2 days with normal usage and 2g( after parading to andros 5 ) 5.
NEG heating issues guys.
NEG battery is not capable of holding power as per corresponding usage.though you use it for 1-2 his continuously with internet battery goes down least >60%.
NEG sons 1.1 go ram showing trouble while playing a voice message in what pp battery is up to the mark no us cord given with the box not a removable battery.
POS battery back is good enough to serve you more than 24hrs of fixed usage.
NEG the battery performance is very bad when compared to that of moto g and the head set sound quality provided with the device is very bad the battery is getting consumed even when no background apes are running personally i would not prefer it for any one.
POS its handy and battery life is very good.
POS to heating issues.battery is okay stands for 1 day.
NEG must one minus point the battery.
NEG new issues i see the battery gets heated up with minimal usage of browsing or music or watching video on youtube.
NEG once upgrade lollipop, facing battery issues since it has started giving only a day back now.
NEG i love this phone totally satisfied me.i would give rating fo this phone 5 out of 5 camera is good n only has one disadvantage battery life is decent and it take too much time to charge this phone has a pure andros feel this is was in this.
NEG battery oh battery !.
NEG when i received the second handset, it used to get heated up to high temperature while using internet and during calls.
NEG was battery back am had internet use kate samay.
NEG audit and video didn son battery heart worst customer care service please research more before jumping to this .
NEG very average battery life 2.
NEG gros - almost everything sons - battery back not bad but could have been better.
NEG his product has problems with charging and its battery.
NEG by battery last like 3 hours now instead of all day.
NEG all are good but battery is big problem because it takes lots of time to taking full charge approve.and does not give more efficiency just ended in maximum 2-3 hour so i am in great problem with battery life.if battery would be removable then i change but it is non-removable so it is also a problem so without battery life this phone is empty box(dibba) for me.so please suggest me what to do for my mobile battery life.
NEG the non removable battery.
NEG new sons of the phone is : battery lockup is very less i use this phone with minimum feature like whatsapp and email & receive daily ave 15 call oncoming and out going with this battery last for 12 your with fully dryout.
NEG hello people i dont know y people out there r saying dat dis pen has battery problems.i dont find any problems in battery in fact this phone is awesome at this prices.
NEG battery life.
NEG cons: battery: battery is average.i have installed battery waver pp and after that am able to control the battery.eagerly waiting for lollipop upgrade and maybe battery condition will improve.
NEG when used this way the battery on my old phone would run down to less than 20% within three hours.battery life although good before is even better now.
POS the phone looks great and and motorola assist helps and works in a great way i was so impressed by the moto alert it was amazing the device is so good and the battery runs 24 his.
NEG dont buy this item plz,,,,,,, this mobile lastweek it contains many problems auto start problems heating network problems.
NEG earlier version has battery drain issue.after update solved battery problems but the font size and appearance changed.
NEG some battery issues with lolipop.
NEG i think for me its only boy of internet.so with in 2 hours if the battery goes down,then why should people use this phone??.please change the battery configuration immediately.
POS his phone has an excellent camera but i am not happy with its battery life.
NEG little bit battery is concerned with moto g and genu.
NEG ultimate phone no problems no lagging only issue is battery life.
NEG only issue is the battery did not lasting long may be because of verse by me thank you flipkart!.
POS battery life is excellent i can go two days without charging after making sure no unwanted apes are running in thebackground.it has a battery save function that kicks in when the battery is low (20%) and it gives me about five if not more extra hours.
NEG i have received moto go its battery back is worst and service by flipkart is also worst.
NEG and battery tips also because its sucks.quality is good only problem is battery.
POS this product is a really genuine features phone the only problem is its battery life.
NEG heating is somewhat a problem of this phone , if u will play game for 1 he continuously it gets heated.
NEG the only cone with this device is its battery backup, it is good but not that great.
NEG there is no such negative issue for me with this mobile but i wish it could have the 'nfc' and a more battery power.something like 2300-2600 mah.;-p so overall i am satisfied by using this handy set and would surely recommend to any mid-range smartphone buyers.coz this the best in class set in its price!!!!.
NEG the battery back is low and not great as previous moto g 3 .
POS overall i am impressed its a good budget phone no last opening new windows is comfortable battery life is up to the mark camera is average.
NEG but the battery life.the only problem is that the battery life.the radiation emitted is a bit high than novo and as iv said dead battery life.north the money except battery.
POS very nice phone in this budget.sound,picture,performance all are v good.jst ll it.bt u he to compromise on the battery at the last.
NEG i had an issue with my moto g in men within 10 days of purchase because of battery issue.
NEG though heating may be issue in general it depends on the individuals usage.
NEG support 5.0 android but normal battery life for 1 day.
NEG must the battery could have been more bigger (capacity) .
POS perfect size good battery life.
POS the product is excellent only two minor issues one micro him other non removable battery .
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG he have observed that moto g and generation battery charging is not coming more than 3 his which need to improved.
POS battery back up is also good running full day.
NEG heating issues are there but after a week or so its solved.to hanging laying heating or network drop issue.
NEG ought 2 for my younger shillings by brother complained that within few days of the purchase the battery abruptly showed hero charge then went up to 80% abruptly once plugged in.
NEG battery should have been least 2500 mah.
NEG - camera is great - includes many goose built apes - 1 go ram is sufficient if you are not a terrific game - light weight - battery back is sufficient sons - takes unto 2-3 his to get fully charged - battery gets drained faster is data is on - gets i little bit of hot if used continuously for a long time overall i would like to say that moto g and gen is a good mobile in the prices if your budget is that much.
NEG build in battery enough for a day.battery only 2070 mah.
NEG by phone battery lasts hardly 15-16 hours and takes half a day to charge that too with location and bluetooth off.
NEG i expected a smart phone with a larger capacity battery than my former shone 4 to give me much better time between charges but have to charge every other day with minimum use during the period.
NEG moto should pay attention become of other phone maker even micromax giving colourful ratification light battery and shone signal ratification is not colourful and dont show percentage charge battery u have to download apes from pale store for percentage.
POS i have charged the mobile for 8 hours without turning on the phone and i used wife bluetooth and i see that the battery is still going good.moto g and gen battery is great and the price is awesome either.
NEG rose design,google,display size sons : heating problem.
NEG battery power is little bit bad.
NEG buy it u will never regret it although some battery life probe apart from that u will love it no hanging easy handling and very stylish.
NEG cried charging 100% yesterday night and kept it aside with iii conductivity on for a good 8 hours the battery went down to 65%.
POS its one of the finest product to purchase,battery life is very good,it never hangs like samson make mobile.it is the best mobile to purchase.
POS easily provides a battery back of 16-17 his under normal usage.
NEG everything is nice except the non removable battery and i feel little thicker.
NEG overall it was good phone with a little compromise of battery backup.
NEG only drawback is battery is getting drained very fast.
POS awesome, great phone fast looks great great battery quality it last longer than expected.
POS battery is draining very fast.
NEG compared to other honest battery back up is not good.when phone is on idle mode the battery is discharging like anything.
POS the battery back up is pretty good.fact the battery back is far better than us zenfone 5.
NEG except for battery everything is fine.battery is not as expected.
NEG battery is not that great if you are using wife but should be okay for an average user.
POS battery life has been good so far.
NEG battery back is average camera quality is good but features missing.
NEG worst battery back i have ever seen.battery discharged very fast and can sustained for even 6 hours.
NEG but the battery drains very fast need to charge many times when connected to g network for browsing for long time or while playing games for long duration .
NEG i am using this phone from last 1 year but there is no issue no heating problem and camera is so better for self and pick.
NEG display - superb camera - excellent battery back - average disappointed with pain functionality of the phone call clarity/ear piece clarity/heating of you are really need a phone with call clarity and ear piece clarity , my suggestion is not to buy this one.i replaced the first product because of call clarity and heating , i got the new one with volume key defect now i dont want to replace it for any other defect piece please mind this before you buy this product.
NEG in the phone is actually a bang for luck for has its own gros and sons despite of all rose it has a very less battery backup, does even stay for a day and also phone hangs occasionally.
NEG the battery is good but when using the internet the battery drains out quickly.normally with data usage on and off the battery remains well.battery gets seated within half hour of charging.
NEG cone poor battery backup.on.extensive sage for 3 hours battery down from 100% to 30% from everything else is great.
POS 5.3000 mah battery.
NEG battery wise worst.when compare to this "honer holly" from hawuai is 1000 times more.same product manufactured from japan.long wasting battery all are awesome.
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG of you use mobile data the max battery will stand for is 12-14 hrs.
NEG some battery lockup.
POS with in three months battery will over heat while inserting for the charging the color display will changed.
NEG flipkart delivered the moto g and men with battery drainage fault and faulty piece which get heat up like anything.first experiences and was the worst experiences .
POS good phone but its drawback is battery that.built battery so please make regular battery i hope in or next coming hands u will changing thank u.
NEG battery back awesome.at least 24 hours with 4 hours g usage in variable network.
NEG but battery back up is not so good(am a heavy user.
NEG battery back is average.
NEG i liked the phone but main drawback in this phone is its battery backup.its taking more than 5 his to get 100% charging and not even getting 24 his to dry up battery.
NEG battery life is longer than moto go.
NEG havent noticed any heating problems.
NEG the battery stays all day with you.the battery really takes too long to charge fully but its oka.
POS removable battery which is a added advantage.
NEG its fast n m a casual user so my battery lasts almost a day.
NEG 2 times now the phone has frozen on me the whole phone becomes unresponsive, you canst even start the phone which means you have to wait for the battery to drain.
NEG i heard a lot of battery issues with moto g and genet.
POS camera quality is good no last nice look battery is also good for normal usage display quality is also good in short this phone will not disappoint you in any way.
NEG shone and its features are basic but him disappointed with battery.please make sure you celebrate the battery first for good performance.
NEG it had an issue of battery which only used to last 1 day on a single charge.
NEG i gave motor to service 2 times for repair st problem was hanging and was battery drain problems.
NEG very very poor battery life last less then 4 his with normal usage non removable battery call quality is not good some sort of distortion of voice.
NEG battery back is not up to the mark.
NEG before i buy this products i have heard a lot of reviews that this mobile has heating problems.
NEG people are talking about battery life is too mind but in this days i am using wife for 18 hours every day , i didn notice any probe about battery.
NEG only drawback is that battery drains quickly when u play game otherwise a good phone in this range.
POS camera clarity also good and battery back is good.
POS heating- it gets slightly warm on extensive gazing which is common with all mobile.
NEG had the battery been of more capacity this would have been the best phone in the market.
NEG moto g 2 gen is not a good phone and still moto g first generation is far better then this phone sons : 1 poor battery and first gen was praised for its battery life 2 heating issue when we use the phone for a while 3 poor flipkart service they delivered me the phone only after 13 days and also the product was defective and they replaced with another defective product .
POS he has download a not of apes and although the battery drains out but still i am happy that he is enjoying it.
NEG overall good phone.the only negative aspect i found was battery backup.if you are a continuous data user then it will give only 8-10 his battery.
NEG so far its sipping the battery which was a major concern with the and generation reviews.
NEG i bought this phone a month ago everything feels good except the battery back battery will not come for a whole day as mentioned in the add its completely face it drains so quickly if u use g it ll cum for 2 to 3 his only , with the normal use it william unto 5 to 6 his except that everything is good.
NEG everyone has been complaining about battery issues i dont find any issues with mine.
NEG battery only department that didn make me elated.
NEG while i appreciate the express delivery of flipkart, the product is very bad and the phone hangs very often.also the battery back up is poor.
NEG but the problem is with battery mobile is heating while charging and using also.charger is also getting heat while charging.
NEG the mobile is just one week old the mobile had battery issue from the day 1.
NEG but it slightly heat when u in long call due to built battery using up to 6 months battery back decreases.
NEG its not unto but its ok no battery back lolipop is waste mitka is better than lolipop but flipkart is good side i got a hangout problem flipkart has been replaced with in 2-5 days.
NEG the only letdown was the poor battery time of the phone.
NEG battery is very disappointing finally choice is us , u r going to pay and use it thanks for reading.
POS battery life is much better than the nexus 4 and most importantly it only cost me $180.
POS have not found anything i do not like about it.fast, great display takes good pictures long battery life and sounds good to.
POS battery life need power generation all the time with you.
NEG battery:2070mah can run easily for 12hrs without playing games camera up rear camera for he recording as well as sharp snaps. . .
NEG there is no network at times till u start it and there are rapid battery training at times .
NEG didn't take too long for the battery to start to die quicker.
NEG the battery lasts long enough when him not home.
NEG battery back up is very bad and gets seated.but moto g and men battery back up is very bad.
NEG battery graph makes it more difficult to understand how long it has been since last charge.
NEG battery life is average which is good last a whole day.i attribute the battery life to stock andros and no crapware eating up resources.
POS battery support is good.
POS camera quality battery back up are normal like other honest.
NEG need improvement in battery.
NEG his product is no doubt good and i am truly satisfied by this product and the only problem i am facing in this phone is battery back according to me.for this phone the battery should be minimum 3000mah and due to this i am waiting for moto g rd gen it may be the increased battery in this phone.
NEG battery pathetic.very 5 minutes of charge hardly increases battery by 2 percent.
POS also takes more than 4 hours to charge the cell which makes the oh reliable with its battery life.
NEG battery is very bad - it can lost only 1-2 his with continuous operations performance is also not good - very bad with browsing internet having phone hanging issue also now - i can hear other talking and some time it hangs when trying to call.
NEG battery life is not average but not also good.you can pass half day with fully charged battery.
NEG battery back up less then 5 hours.
NEG keep in or mind that its got build battery with capacity of 2070 only ,,,which is quite disappointment from moto.
POS good battery life.battery is getting used more with games.
NEG battery dries too fast.
NEG the second thing is that it has poor battery life for which i have to charge the battery twice a day.even if i dont play games still the battery lasts only unto 4-6hrs.also it takes lots of time to charge the battery(around 4hrs).
POS last good battery backup, great camera secondary camera front facing mitka o.s. and at a great price compared to other so called grands.
POS battery.
NEG noticed battery problems.
NEG mobile is super updated to lolipop no laying problem draw backs;camera and battery life i am facing some heating issue.
NEG i will give five star for this phone if the battery stay for least 12 hours.
NEG door battery life.
POS built quality very good i check also battery i played games continues 4 hours battery is also good.
NEG battery is very poor , hanging when multiple application running simultaneously sound quality is good .
NEG no heating problems.
POS much-improved camera strong battery life solid well-built design excellent value for money moto g conclusion: the new moto g isn just an amazing bargain.
NEG this is phone is the best at this price only the battery should have been more better it decreases if i am using continuous internet otherwise the phone is quite good.good camera quality and good performance.the.
NEG moto g have major battery issue .
POS battery runs pretty well for a day inspire of slightly heavy usage and doesn get warm/hot.
NEG that is when the battery drops to below 20% the top portion of the phone gets heat up and i can feel my ear gets heat up while talking at such a low battery power.
POS * feels like battery performance has improved.
POS battery life is poor.i have to charge my motog2's battery twice a day.
NEG vice camera and battery.
POS battery life superb and even camera clarity.speed of mobile is good while comparing with my first samson dues mobile.
NEG though i haven started using it in full swing on start up i found some unerasable/unscrachable/unremovable log marks specifically battery & back cover logos).but this is not working for the battery & the back cover look.
POS good performance good camera great battery life excellent value for money solid well-built design updated operating system always.
POS perfect mobile in budget i needed white colour mobile but will manage with black colour just issue with battery while playing mobile gets little heated.
NEG the only common issue of battery which exists in all smartphones.
NEG specification r good have been using this phone since one month were are some issues i noticed : - phone gets over heated while charging playing games even during calls display gets blurred in lower half while charging battery drains in 5-6 hours even when internet its switched off.
NEG the product looks good but needs more life for the battery.
NEG i got a phone with defective battery or calibrator.
POS battery performance of my device has approved after the degradation.
POS moto go is impressive when it comes on camera but battery is the real pain.
POS overall phone is good recent battery backup, nice feel when in hand.camera is good clarity is also good.no heating.
NEG feeling battery back is not good even i have removed many apes from phone.feeling worst battery backup.
NEG phone has battery problems.& new phone laws too much.within 2 days of purchase battery drains in 2 his only.
POS mobile is very good and its having a small problem that after the battery comes to 30% within few seconds it shows 1%.
NEG very bad experience with my new phone and flipkart electric shock from the speaker metal while charging with my lawton us battery training so fast phone getting heated up quickly.
POS best phone under the range of 15000,awesome performance and camera too.battery is also good a whole day battery life.th run morning phone was totally dead i though it is because of battery.
NEG the battery also lasts for about 2 days if used normally.
NEG it hangs frequent battery is not even lasting for 12 hours network gets disconnected frequently.
POS it does all i need it to do and the battery life beats my last andros to pieces.
NEG initially battery back is only 6-7hrs when fully charged.
POS overall a good smart phone with good battery life compare to samson mobile.
NEG i bought this mobile on may th 2015, mobile is good only but am facing some issues like battery backup(6 hrs), option are less comparing to samsung, and am hearing some noise in speaker while calling and speaking.
NEG also moto g and gen battery charges very quickly ( within 1-1.5 hours 100% ) and lasts for nearly 24 hours at moderate usage.
POS i checked for each and every thing in the phone like battery life performance,multitasking, heavy games video calls,camera etc etc what i can say that the phone just fares well in every aspect.
NEG all is well except the battery.drains fast if we dont close mobile net connection google now etc letter use some battery doctor application.
NEG after one month now the battery is getting drained in minutes and for charging it is taking 12 hours to get full.i got battery issue where now i am not able to use my phone not more than 1 he.
NEG the battery life is very poor.people are saying its battery is average but i can say that its more than average charged my phone to 100% yesterday and watched 3 moves back to back each moves were around 2 and half hours still battery used was only 78%.
POS lightning fast and gives an ok battery life.
POS he it camera display battery life smooth performance.
POS vice design good battery back.
NEG motorola selling their mobile with maximum m.r.p price using flipkart.mobile box clearly shows seller removed its price tag seal and when i switch on the mobile its contains only 50% battery.where is price tag and 50% battery.
NEG battery draining so fast.
NEG totally disappointed with the poor performance of battery.
NEG of i had to write about some negative then it would be the battery life but i find that its the same case in all smartphones!.
POS battery life is good for two or three days with normal use.
NEG battery life seems to be an issue.
NEG battery is average.battery could have been better.of you watch moves or listen to songs , the battery dies in less than 10 his.recommendation : of you travel a lot better buy a battery bank or buy some other phone.
NEG only problem is battery.
POS battery back up is fantablous.
NEG only cons:- very had bad battery backup.
POS front speakers are just excellent to heating problems no lagging nice hold and design.
NEG brand like motorola should give good battery!!!.
POS battery is what i will have to really check as today is the first day.
NEG door battery backup.
NEG eating : 8.5/10 battery : any users are saying this is a big issue since the battery drains very quickly.to need to worry at all because if you handle the phone fruitful and sensibly you will able to save a lot of battery(refer to the different battery saving methods.besides the phone itself provides a battery save option in battery settings which saves a lot of energy.sons : heavy use may reduce battery life.james drain the battery a lot.
NEG last and main if you use camera at least 2 min it heat up super fast in 1 min and due to heating problem full battery drop in 6 - 7 hours.flipkart team fix this problem of my new phone ism too much frustration with heating problems.if i compare both phone then both are similar except battery back up time.pain difference is battery back up issue in asus .
NEG i noticed back panel having issue as its not fixed properly & battery back issues & raised complaint with flipkart on with oct'14.
NEG door battery backup.
NEG but how to work with a weak battery.
POS pro - nice built good looks andros is smooth camera is good sons - battery takes longer to get charged battery is in built over all satisfied.
NEG wish the battery life was a few hours longer but otherwise i am very satisfied.
NEG worst battery in this phone.
NEG cost battery back.
NEG average battery is only con so far.
NEG battery drains very fast.
NEG its been 3 months since i bought due to network,battery and data issue and since then i have hardly used the mobile.
NEG must one thing this phone lacks is good battery backup.
NEG awesome camera battery life.
NEG very average performance for the kind of hardware on board battery is average as well,5-8 hours on continuous usage is very less.
NEG shone is good can be purchased but battery must be little more.
NEG shone is excellent but poor battery life.but standby time is more than 2 days.
NEG the battery of the phone is biggest disappointing factor and takes 4 long hours to charge which will put my previous phone to shame and drains fast as well with a normal uses moto does need to work hard on a faster charging battery.cant degraded to kitkat as motorola teach support said.
NEG battery back is the best.to heating problem i faced till now.
NEG him not experiencing any over heating problem or battery drainage until now.
NEG battery is ok on heavy usage rest all is on top worth buying the moto g 2 gen.
NEG the only problem is the battery charging time.takes a lot of time.
POS i think the battery is just fine lasts a day atleast.
NEG pro's: performance android update battery lockup con's: not all games are supported.
NEG battery life is longer than moto go 7.
NEG yes the only disadvantage is the battery and a little bit more ram would have been perfect.the battery lasts about 15-18 his with medium to heavy usage.
NEG moto g 2 gen is very poor battery not work properly battery not take load and very difficulty face in battery back.
NEG battery does not last even 6 hours.i have two email accounts singing and battery back is decent so far.
POS excellent,classic , good speakers high battery back up i liked the hands look feel and overall aspects.
NEG ram : no problem handling grip : hair is no problem excellent battery back : average not so bad not so good.
POS all are good except battery life.
POS battery also is sufficient for 1 day net usage.
POS display size battery life good camera gorilla glass.
POS a very nice design i like it the battery back is also awesome the display is the key feature the sound is very awesome and crisp and clear and very sharp camera is also awesome signal and wife catching is superb.
POS just the battery isn enough.everything else is good but the battery life.
NEG worst battery of the mobile.i have seen in my life.hence not recommended to anyone.i never expected that flipkart will cheat me like this being the old and esteemed customer of flipkart.
NEG battery is good.android is 4.4.4.
NEG door battery head phone is not worth for it.
POS battery can be bigger.
NEG only disadvantage is battery life is bad see few problems after upbraiding to lollipop.hope it will be fixed very soon.
NEG initially i faced issues with the battery it used to not calculate remaining battery usage properly.
NEG mobile heating problem.very.
POS i find this phone great in every function be it battery performance display or anything.
NEG not much of a heating to be feared of.
NEG as far as battery life i have yet to get at least 24 hours with usually about 15% left.
NEG battery drain very fast.very bad experience with my new phone and flipkart electric shock from the speaker metal while charging with my lawton us battery training so fast phone getting heated up quickly.
NEG battery takes long time to charge.as compared to other phone otherwise good product as compared to others.
NEG since its shares the same configuration as the same old moto-g st men phone except for the bigger display battery back goes for a toss here.
NEG worst battery back and camera clarity.two much time taken to battery charge.
POS good for mid range buying battery back is good.
NEG after 2 months excessive battery drainage happened.(100% battery loss in just 2 minutes when i contracted local service center they told me to submit phone for 15 days.even after 25 days they said the battery has not come.when i asked for status it was touch-pad and battery replacement.
NEG door battery barely sustaining a day with regular use 3.
NEG the battery life on this phone isn terrible.i will use it more and make sure how good is the battery.but the same battery so longer battery life.
POS battery back is fantastic.
POS only drawback is battery trains master.
NEG worst battery back not even a single day after full charge.
NEG of your heating on buying this phone i suggest you stop thinking about it and go ahead with the purchase.
NEG heating would sometimes be completely impossible making the phone pretty unusable.so,.
NEG battery back is not so good.
NEG the battery lasts a long time.
NEG must 1 complaint that i have is its battery back could have been better.antutu shows very bad chart for devices stability note:- i checked the temperature using cputemp, clean master and antutu.
POS 5.3000 mah battery.
POS battery lasts for 2 and half days with substantial wife use.
POS amazing and at a wonderful prices it is a layman nexus just the best features easy to handle fits right in your hand 1 problem: battery drains too fast wont last even a day with net on.
NEG i am facing network drop issues and battery performance.the battery back up is very poor its draining quickly.
NEG i was only worried about the battery life which turned out to be good.
NEG i even saw its performance when it was with them and battery back was also fine.when using internet or searching map by using internet it heat like hell & battery drain my god .battery comes down to 55% from hundred for just one hour of whatsapp and facebook.i installed some high performance games can play because either the device gets heated or a battery gets drained.
POS good product from motorola but moto g 2 should have made some changes in battery strength for its specification.
NEG moto g and gen is good phone good camera,good sound.but problem is that heating issue.when.u use internet suffering in your phone became heating so much.
POS i was totally satisfied with this phone and strongly recommending this to other.best quality phone with best battery back.
POS battery is good was able to get a max of 2 days without charging.
NEG for the first tm drain the battery completely and charge keeping the phone off.
NEG only worst thing is bad battery backup.
NEG flipkart shipped me phone within one week doubles my pleasure i am using this phone for last 2 month and didn find a single point to criticize it from camera performance everything is excellent even battery is ok also.
NEG with an ave use the battery last only for 24 hrs.so u need to charge it almost every day call quality and reception is also good can handle games like mc4, shalt with ease.and motorola has already confirmed that moto g will get andros 5.0 before winter break which is something that places this device far ahead from all other smartphones in the race.
POS also the battery life is pretty short.
NEG charging time : 5 hours poor battery backup.
NEG fire aorta tube un perchance en el centre x 3 tips me queran roar y mi to me to que in a buscar, battery is great lasting.
NEG heating problem in this phone.
NEG worst product because of battery standby time is very i ever had.charging of battery takes long time.
NEG the only drawback is that the battery is poor.even though 2070mah sounds pretty cool and fancy but the battery hardly lasts 12 hours.even without playing any games and with battery save on him having to charge the device around twice a day.
NEG only fed up with the battery which does not give a day access need to charge it twice.battery 2070 may can be raised.
NEG i bought the phone 1 week back and from 2 days since i started using the phone,it was giving problems throughout.touch problem was there and because of that i couldn even make calls using that and battery was getting drained very soon eventhough i didn use it and mobile was also getting over heated called flipkart asking for the refund and they told only replacement can be done now dont want this moto g anymore.those who are going to purchase,please think before u proceed.
POS battery backup, camera speaker volume are really very good.
NEG seems a little faster battery seems to last much longer took.
NEG product is good initially their is problem of battery back but thanks to motorola customer care and flipkart to resolve this issue.
NEG no doubt its better than etc boomsound, battery back is also god.
NEG better moto g st men even the phone was sleep the battery was drain.
NEG only problem is battery back is not for whole day when using wife or mobile network.
NEG battery yes if your cell shuts down due to low battery it will take some time to boot again.
POS the phone is amazing it does not get heated up and can last for 2 days with minimal use on battery.
NEG next day 13-feb-2015 updated all apes through if and charged from pm to 6 pm until battery got 100% and didn used phone after 6 pm.and just guess that should be battery percentage now?.to over a night a phone consume 15% of battery even if no one use it.the battery in this phone is a freak.by face would be burnt off with such a defective phone , i placed a return request to flipkart.they called 4 days late and gave stupid reasons like , please close any unwanted apes in your device which consume battery but the phone is still in factory rest condition with no apes installed.the executive is asking me to mentally go to settings and force close each pp when in not using .i am an andros developer and know much more than u flipkart executive regarding application battery usage and background services.
NEG door battery drains faster 2.
NEG hence battery sucks.but still its heating.
NEG rose design and build quality battery is not that bad compared to zenfone5 display is good.
NEG i get a battery back of 7-8 hours with net on !.
POS camera,perfomance,sound,display,battery everything is good.
POS i am using this phone about 2-3 months.it is really amazing and battery performance is also good and picture and video clarity is superb.specially.
NEG 2)battery life is so poor.it takes too much time for a full charge.
POS premium good performance excellent battery life.
NEG were are the reasons i did face an issue with battery to requested a replacement.the battery drains like anything.the battery draining very fast and has to be charged every few hours even if the phone is not in use and all applications are closed.
NEG otherwise good there issues with the battery.the piece i got might be defeated because the battery charges quickly and then it drains completely in 5 minutes.
NEG it turned extremely bad for me battery is not lasting for even 4 his when it is just kept idle[no talks,no data on no wife usage].
NEG the only problem i feel is with battery but that has been overcome in the next model soto g3).
POS the phone is looking super and its really worth for the money we spent camera and battery back was super.
NEG but battery back is very less after upbraiding to lollipop version.
NEG the phone is really pathetic the performance is excellent doesn last but what about battery,.it takes 5.30hrs for the battery to get completely charged and phone gets hot like anything even the phone is not on charging it gets hot and battery drains damn fast it doesn even last for 15hrs.cut a star because of the average camera(by today smartphone standard and not so great battery life.
NEG battery is a letdown but still it lasts enough for say 1 day in moderate use.
NEG are no heating problem.there are no speaker problem.the.there is 1 day battery life.very.surely the value for money just battery a bit not powerful but it doesn matter.
POS good response intuitive amazing camera better than high end samsung phone camera any day long battery life.
NEG we can make an omelet on it.full of heating problem.
NEG viewer here am giving explanation only where i face problem battery : poor volume : is ll bad working excellent with mitka but wen i installed lolypop am not satisfied some times its hangs for 10 to 15 seconds unexpectedly.
NEG battery stand by time is very poor.smart phone with dumb baterry.
NEG its the battery.i would say battery for such a good phone should be minimum of 2500mah and more than that.if you want a long battery life then you have to go for a power bank.
POS battery lockup is above average am consumption is superb.
NEG overall quality of phone is good camera quality about pictures is best but image/video stabilizer is not there & battery life is very low also heat when playing games.
POS the battery life is good the audit in phone calls is strong phone signal is stronger than my simpler phone and my audit books play simply.
NEG battery does not last even 5 hours when g is on.
NEG now battery life after upbraiding to lollipop.
NEG no heating problem as well.
POS vice experience other than camera performance video recording is good battery performance is average.
POS very nice display very nice front speakers mixed usage of 24hrs battery life god camera pure andros experience andros lollipop5.0.2 is awesome premium feel.
POS for moderate to mix usage battery gives a back up of around 15 his which is good enough in my opinion.
NEG battery drains out before night if you play games for a long time.
NEG but the battery life could be better.
POS the phone performance is outstanding but battery back is very less to if you are not frequent traveler and want a fantastic phone with great performance then this would be the right choice for you.battery back 2.
NEG the battery back not very good also the offer is a hoax the pricking is competitive but flipkart service leaves a lot to be desired.
NEG wont buy this model it has low battery back & often it has starting & hanging.
NEG seems to be heating problem with moto g and generation.
POS yeah we can say that the battery sucks .
NEG i ordered the phone on its launch day.flipkart was giving so much offers on launch day.but almost all were useless.delivery is on time.the phone is a good one with very good performance.initially battery performance was very bad.but after a few days battery performance improved.the rear camera is very bad with respect to a foka with karl less lens.low light performance is below the line.
NEG also the battery back is not too great.
POS battery's back up is also good.
POS the battery life is really good.
NEG but still having camera problems and hanging issues auto application shutdown, fast battery drainage.
POS 5.3000 mah battery.
NEG after using of 15 days am getting battery charging issue.now the battery is coming more than 12 hours.
NEG if looking for good battery life then dont go for it.bakwaas phone in terms of battery.otherwise ok.flipkart customer care.bekaar.just gave excuse only.
NEG worth its price but battery doesn go well.it comes 4 hours almost when i on my mobile data worst battery performance , dont buy this phone when u want mobile with long standby go for it if u want to use for casual purpose.
POS a little bigger and heavier than last years model the battery isn quite as good but again being picked.
NEG the phone gets heated and the battery gets discharged suddenly from 100% to 1%.
NEG heating probe is normal in all the phone even samsung i have seen all my friends complaining about heating issue.
NEG battery ism getting almost 14 hours with 1 him g always data on and another one in go.
NEG starting it was fine but nowadays its heating up like anything just playing games video or browsing for ten minutes.
NEG hoping moto to improve battery performance in lollipop updated.
NEG i am using both moto g st gen and 2 genu only the problem is battery back in and men.of i make full charge in night it will stay till evening but 1 st gen battery back will stay 1 and 1/2 day.manufacturer need to think to provide higher battery back for moto go.
POS battery back up is also going good till now.
NEG battery - good but if u surf or play games too much battery consumption is very high part from all the functionality i got the lollipop update at the end of january.
NEG disappointed battery back up and 1gb ram.
NEG 4 star only because of the battery life.
NEG take bellies and unload them instantly without worrying about the battery.
NEG from the beginning am facing battery draining issues recently it is more.without using anything in the phone battery drains quickly.flipkart washed their hands by asking me to go to service centre.
POS battery life hasn impressed me much.
POS good display good battery backup.
NEG now battery backup.
NEG battery back up is not that great.
NEG delivery was in time i did not get hittel 6 months free data usage which was given in the offers battery gets discharged so quickly.
POS just drawback is battery.
NEG everything is great about the phone except the battery.although it has 2070 may battery it does not last through the day if you use the phone.
NEG of you looking for better andros experience with decent battery back this is not what is suggest.
NEG only battery is little worry but its manageable not like samsung.camera is awesome stylish phone .
NEG average battery life.
NEG but one thing found was the battery which drains faster when use.battery life still to be improved in moto g2.
NEG to heating problems.
POS awesome mobile but battery is not good.its battery has not good back but net browsing is good.
NEG only drawback is battery backup.
NEG the moto g and men that i had purchased about a week ago abruptly stopped working due to a battery issue after calling up various service centers with a little bit of research - reason being the battery could not hold a full charge for more than 4 hours - even on standby.
NEG also the battery gets drained quickly.
NEG its display looks purple during standby mode.
POS battery life so so.
POS overall the battery life and the camera picture quality is quite good for a phone at this price range.
NEG have even taken the battery out but it starts up frozen.
POS the battery life is good.
NEG to i am not sure if the battery will last the day.
NEG also required removal battery in case of damaged.
NEG its smooth fast crisp in display did not face any problems so far no heating call drops.battery seems on the lower side but you canst get everything for this prices.
NEG battery is less 2070 ah.
POS gros display is good -camear clarity good sons - battery degraded very quickly.battery life is very less.stand by is only 20hrs.
NEG not sure if its my device only or is a genetic heating problems.also observed that the battery drains out quickly.
POS amazing speakers feels good material quality.camera is decent battery is decent.
NEG lovely phone.no lags,battery lasts for one day.u wont regret after buying this.
NEG i have ordered this phone and it had some issue like excessive heating up so flipkart has changed it but with now the replacement piece game has started.
NEG i feel better in performance and battery back should be improved for it.only problem is battery life.
POS all over phone is best but battery not suit to phone.battery only 6 th hours on working data connection.
POS excellent battery backup.
NEG not good as expected goods and flipkart,it took more days to deliver and battery life is not as good the signal become fluctuating in some time as well we r using dual him and change to single both signal lost.
NEG the battery life will seem a bit less for people into gazing.
NEG the battery back is worst and drains within half day.poor battery life.
POS the battery life is great and lasts unto a day on heavy usage.
NEG battery charging time is more than discharging.
NEG battery back all as expected and competitive.
POS overall good , if offered with better battery life.
POS battery back is good.
POS battery life is one day.
NEG i order micromax micro from amazon it was also good 1 issue happened in nitro was when battery reached 50% within 2 hours the cell phone switches off.
POS battery life ok have to still charge twice a day with moderate use.
NEG it began with heating up freezing and now it has just gone off.
NEG battery were is the down point of the and gen from the st one.of u used the phone with g on and display always on with surging or listening song the battery will last only for 7 his from full charged to hit 5%.for normal users with some surging listening some songs talking with girlfriend and playing some casual game the battery will last for almost a day.besides xaiomi phone have some issues which are so frequent in many of their phone but not all like heating problem losing signal etc.
NEG i bought this phone in september and am facing over heating and hanging problems since i bought this phone.
NEG battery capacity is too low also drains too fast.
POS very good product with good battery life.
POS very good android phil with a long battery back up.
NEG little low on battery.
NEG door battery performance , but flipkart rejected the request for refund.i got the replacement earlier and experienced the battery issue again.sar value can be of concern but for me the battery has caused problems.must bought the phone last week and its not been a week since use the battery begins to drain at faster pace.the battery indication shows 100% on full charge in morning 70 % post 3 hours with the phone used just for calls .this is really puzzling and on direct communication with motorola assist team they say to do cache-wipe and factory rest to see if battery is resolved.honestly the phone looks good but battery is really a turn-off.
POS i have been using this phone for about 15 days.till now no no issues.i was worried about the battery at first but it really surprised me.
NEG only problem is of its battery.whenever my mobile is on standby battery remains steady as soon as i start using it battery drains very rapidly.specially when i start using camera and whatsapp.for clinking 4-5 photos by camera battery drains 4-6%.same for whatsapp, for 5 mind chatting battery drains 5-6%.moto u should give good battery backup.expecting some improvement from u for our mobile.
NEG battery drains too fast.it just lasts 6 to 8 hours.and i am below average user.
NEG you should be aware that you cannot take out the battery - its internal.
POS build quality was good but if we g the battery consumption is high.
POS overall product is ok.but front he provided two openings for speakers.it doesn looks good why they made built in battery dont know i feel adequate performance wise excellent.
NEG however, the battery wouldn charge after the upgrade.
NEG heating & hanging like issues are also not with this phone.
NEG battery life battery life is subjective and depends from person to person.the new moto g has the same battery as that of its predecessor.a non user replaceable 2070 may battery.
POS battery is good.
NEG i have bought moto g and gen smartphone its delivered very quickly when i started using this phone from that time till now i am facing battery problem its giving only 2 hours back only two times i have complained against this but they have canceled my request without solving my problem.
POS battery drain is very fast.
NEG had some battery back issues but got resolved with the lollipop updated.
POS the battery life is strong enough for a days use.
NEG battery issue needs to charge least the to get full 100% charge else best in this range.
POS good battery backup 2.
NEG - battery life is decent over wife works full day (24 mrs and in g - g works works around 14 - 15 his - one of the major thing which is not written or i didn get in specification is it supports otg.any user dont like this but if you want stable product and better battery go for windows.
NEG no problems with the battery,multitasking.display is awesome.easy to use with one hand.
NEG vice performance and battery backup.
NEG battery life of phone is very average that was a big disappointment sometime slow up .
POS very good shone - only problem is battery - but still very good - battery can last for more than a day with normal use.
NEG its up to you what you want phone of asus is having less battery backup, solo is having worst camera samson became common.
NEG only i want to include that battery time is less as expected when wife or data connection is kept on.
POS camera quality and battery performance remains the same as my previous phone its average i would say.
POS battery back is excellent from samson grand prime.
NEG easy touch.but i think battery back time is some what less.satsified with motorola.good one than samson and other brandy.
POS you can go wrong when you buy a motorola smartphone, battery last all day updated are fast and easy to installs and build quality is great for the prices this phone could be for someone buying a smartphone for the first time or may for a back phone.
NEG him pretty confident it will work just as well in the other major urban areas.you can wait for the coming lte version but the pricetag will be different and the battery life is hard to predict.
NEG i did experience some heating while playing kinship battle around the camera lens.
NEG well it is over heating compared to my friends and i asked for exchange within days but flipkart told me to take to the motorola service center though it is an accessory.battery drains quickly even if location and son is turned off.battery lasts only a day.
NEG his is my second phone from lip part i was really happy to use moto g st genu were has i exchanged it with moto g and men the phone is really getting heated badly and some times hanging very slow charging its been just 3 months i bought it and from yesterday the phone was not working i went to service center to show the mobile they took and and after one hour of checking they said the mother board id damaged and battery is damaged i am shocked with the service center reply the phone did not even fall down from my hand the exterior is very good i am surprised with the reply i am unable to understand what to do now is that lip part had sent me the damaged piece or what had happen hyderabad guns please do not buy motorolla mobile because we do not have good services centers here.
POS , call quality is good battery is about a day and using pure andros is how every phone should be.motorola did a nice job on this and a phone all be keeping for a long timely wife actually wants to get rid of her s for one of these that how surprising this phone is.
NEG battery life can be bit improved but not a drawback as such.
NEG the battery provided with the phone is not working properly and requires charging within usage of some minutes.
NEG the battery performance is way below expectations it can hardly take 6 hours of daily business operations on both sim cards being active.
NEG average battery life.have seen people complaining about battery backup.one suggestion is to try apes like battery doctor to optimism battery usage.there are lot of unwanted process which will be running that drains battery so fast.
NEG its has the same awesome battery.
NEG this line of flipkart made me to write sons as well cost battery back is not that good.
NEG after 3 months of usage visited moto g service centre multiple times on phone heating problems.in every delivery of the mobile the service centre folks mention mobile display was replaced had a talk with few customers almost everyone had same mobile heating problems.you are lucky if it works without any heating problems.
POS about battery i have got decent battery juice without charging much.again advance part of battery in next post.
NEG motorola has not increased the battery strength.a meagre 2070 may is not sufficient to run phone entire day , if you plan to use dual him internet on phone couple of prints from phone directly,whats pp the battery sadly lasts half a day only even when i have not listened to any music or clicked any picture.any 5 inch phone should have at least 2600 may battery or no point in buying a phone unless you are okay to charge your phone twice a day.it is here where motorola loose out big time for not giving comparable battery for a 5 inch phone.overall a great buy for dual him functionality , great looks and functionality at budget but big let down on battery.
NEG all these feature in the moto g are very good but problem is that battery back is still not so much.
NEG while in the call the device is getting over heated might be battery part 2.i had bad experience while browsing battery is draining even phone is fully charged in the morning.
POS the 2070 may battery perform very well and gives you a days use with moderate to heavy use.
POS even with all these running whole day the battery stays above the critical level.
NEG first device was facing heating issue which got replaced one within a one day.
NEG the battery life is only so-so.
NEG battery may be an issue if you are continuously on games.though after initial first few overnight charge cycle the battery run longer.
NEG battery back is quite oka.in normal use battery discharge only 50% in 12-13 he.
POS good performance,good battery back i like this mobile------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.
NEG battery goes only for one day.
NEG it worked well for the first few hours and then i realised that the battery was draining extremely quickly.
NEG i wish the battery life was a little longer but no matter how long it was and wish it was longer.
NEG the only problem is of battery.battery drain very fast.
NEG i buried my moto go it was heated up like anything and even the battery drained very quickly.but even in the new replaced moto go the problem is the same once again getting heated up once again battery is draining really fast in really disappointed on these two issues from the cell phone.
NEG the built applications were not enough in smart phone and battery was not long lasting using limited applications also , please improve the battery back life.
POS battery back is great took.
NEG but product does not worth for money and it has average battery life.
NEG very poor battery service center not available.
NEG battery is not so good.they advised me that the phone is good until the phone temperature cross 45 degree celcious.by phone temperature is always showing 41-42 .
NEG camera not good big problem heating issues .5 min internet used heating .camera 6/10 round 9/10 all quality =6/10 performance =7/10 battery 7/10 display=8/10 thanks.
NEG this is an some problem in battery changing good.battery charging time (4.5 hours 2.
NEG moto g mobile battery lockup problems and charging problem it takes long time to cover 100% charging it takes minimum 6-7 hours for completing 100% charging.and of i run net on moto g then battery not support whole day.
POS door battery performance .
NEG only major problem i am facing is quicker battery drain while wife on to i generally have to keep wife off and use it only when required.
POS everything is okay but it doesn give good battery backup.
NEG also phone battery drains very quickly in a span of 6 his with moderate usage.
NEG the battery back up not as good as the previous moto g 1.
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG some people wrote about heating issues but i did not find any issues regarding that.the only con i found is that it requires too much time for charging and average battery life.
POS the battery does take a slightly longer than usual time to be fully charged but as i said earlier battery life is very good.
NEG it takes time to charge the battery up even though its just 2070 may 5.
NEG i think the main issue everyone is concerned about is the battery life.well i can safely say that this phone has brilliant battery life.there is also a default battery save option in settings.i read some reviews which described the battery life as poor hence i was skeptically before i could purchase this.
NEG i am so disappointed with battery as i had given this mobile to my dad as a gift.
NEG coming to battery and charging using samson and other charges the part near camera heat like hellll.the battery percentage does not fall uniformly.but in next 15 minutes of standby it went to 54.
POS sons 1 battery lasts around 1 day.
NEG it is an awesome pen although battery back is average but you will find this problem in every latest smartphones.
NEG camera dear - 8/10 , front - 7/10 in well lit areas interface : 10/10 it can be better battery : 8/10.
NEG battery back is almost 22-28 hours after using wife game camera music player.
NEG overall phone is good just 1 problem battery training so fast.
POS battery is good.
NEG i dont care about whatever negative things people have to sat about this superb phone.am using it for the last three day,battery charge at the end of the day is at about 60%.
NEG its got a poor battery life.this is probably my worst buy on flipkart!!!.
NEG his i have got this phone last week and found built quality is simply good light weight but after using for 5 days and found the battery is draining very fast even in stand bye mode and its heating up after and down loads which i had not expected from this product i have asked for a replacement today and they say they will call by today evening hope to get a new replacement other wise great product and as usual lip part delivery was on time.
NEG ought moto g two days back ism just exploring the phone everything is good the only problem that i see is heating of mobile after playing games.
NEG flipkart is amazing prompt delivery timely followed excellent phone 2)seamless operation even in multitasking amazing display good battery good camera con:- my friend got d problems poor service reply of service center is pathetic phone got dead after falling in water hardly for 1 second.
NEG but battery back not satisfied others andros the.
NEG camera and speaker very nice but some heating problem charge not enough.
NEG but only battery back is low.
NEG go senior to support motion games and took wise is awesome,real sterno speaker the only problem i m facing is battery backup.battery back is really not good.
NEG shone having problem with battery.
NEG battery is moderate for normal use.of you play more games than battery comes for 3 to 4 hours else 8 hours no problems android l made shone even more fast and attractive using since 5 months with many apps, to hanging .
NEG only complaint that i have is that the battery door is super hard to open and it took me a while to insert my him cards.but that is not a big deal at all and perhaps this is an advantage because the battery door is not easy to open so that it would not break open even if the phone is accidentally dropped.
NEG performance of battery when compared to mediate mobile of same segment is better.to heating issues.
POS the battery life is good as well.
POS but battery drain gradually which we have to manage in all smartphone today.
NEG battery lasts 24-48 his for me i mostly use it for checking email news some video candor overall 1.5-2 his and very few phone calls and messages.
NEG cross ------- good design one of the first phone to get update good performance for day today use bones -------- playing james like boom beach and clash of plans heating phone.
NEG coming to the bad ones i would like to exclusively mention the battery.i would be happy if moto could have squeezed in a larger battery.
POS after the lollipop updated the phone works even better with battery life extended by hours.
NEG by biggest issue with this phone has been the miserable battery performance.8 hours of battery is just not acceptable for a lifestyle on the moved.
POS battery back is good if not using any internet.battery drains quickly on continuous usage of internet less than 12 his.
NEG long wasting battery gives a complete day on normal g and apes usage 4.
NEG using last 2 months facing no problem except faster battery drainage.
POS camera - good battery - good display - good there is no issues.
NEG sons the only real con i felt is its battery.it should have been a better one.after lollipop the battery seems to perform better.on.once i played real racing on kitkat) for 5:30hr straight before phone battery goes from 98%-5%).
NEG battery life - does not last more than 1 day with average usage of apes 2.
NEG good battery life after long talk hours.battery can not be removed from phone.
NEG the problem is battery - i can give 2 star for battery life.i hope motorola will give a better battery in future phone.
NEG i am surprised about the huge statements made about the battery obviously dont expect 24 hours life but idle state it should last more than this.
NEG recent battery back up.
NEG its just 2 to 3 months old and my mobile battery is not even giving the back up of 6.only sons is its battery - entire battery drain out in 3 his.
NEG battery could have been better.
POS battery back up good.
NEG one thing i noticed.my phone battery dropped to 14% and suddenly my phone showed some computer reporting type mesages.i locked it .
NEG i was very dissapointed, i bought this phone with recommendation when its arrived i tried to turn it up and nothing the phone came to me dead the battery is dead and i can use it what happen.
NEG everything that required but the only problem is with the battery life .to battery consumption is at a faster rate rest.
POS excellent delivery by flipkat i had ordered it on with oct & the delivery date was on th nov and i received it on 23 oct and phone is good but not excellent co the battery drains very fast.
NEG about the phone value for money only sons is the battery drains quickly.
NEG sons terrible battery life.
POS camera awesome, battery life awesome.
NEG i appreciate that regarding the mobile it is having a worst battery back up after charging the mobile for 3 hours long it gives a great back of 3 hours.
NEG heating issues are there in mobile when we use more than 20 to 30 minutes.technical team also not resolved my issue simply they said that heating issues are very common in smart phones.flipkart is really worst and worst customer care in all online portal because they did respond to me till my return policy over.
NEG disadv- battery lockup and customer are support(please provide service centre in all pain cities adve extraordinarily shone over been like this.
POS best budget phone with awesome feature and getting andros camera nice battery average.touch.
NEG battery dies down in few hours and very poor back when gps is on.
NEG in this phone only one negative point it wall take more time for full battery charge.excellent mobile in 13k, budget shone cross good display quality excellent camera quality good sterno speakers to hanging issue to heating problem good battery lockup.
NEG shone performance is good however there are two big issue which are battery and heating problems.battery will die in 10 to 12 hours if you are using data.
NEG sons met slower when some heavy apes are running and battery back is not so good.
NEG edit- one thing i noticed is how fast the battery charges.
POS battery back up is good as i expected not even a full day with net use.mobile starts heating within 1 hour if i continuously use net or if i take a call for a long time.
NEG the phone has major issue with its heating problem and battery.battery - battery could be better.
NEG the battery back is not best.
NEG mobile camera capturing less quality and dull pictures and battery back up is less time comparing with other 2000mah mobile.
NEG overall shone is superb under ask but major problem of battery lockup & mobile gets not after some time use camera is very good with additional panaroma function.one star less because of only battery problem.
NEG with the update to lollipop.the battery back was increased and ram free space also increase.overall a worth purchase.but battery life disappointing and no lollipop update till now .
POS 2 metal streaks on top and bottom differentiate it from st men camera is excellent and so is battery life.
NEG the battery lasts quietly a couple of days.
NEG i purchased this phone only reason is that to get regular update there are so many negative points in this phone it dont record full he video also it has very less may battery which drains pretty first after playing some high end games and heat up too much which is unbearable at times.
NEG by friends and me purchased the phone a month ago and we are happy with the performance of device only battery issue that is common for such phone but we are having different kinds of problems in honest.
NEG bottom line for a very unfordable basic phone with decent speck and excellent build quality this one is hard to beat.ps well coverage in my rural area has always been if at best so have been using the phone for iii calling no him and it works very well.edit: 1-13-15 after a couple of weeks of ownership the phone has for the most part met my expectations only draw backs are still no lollipop update i guess google is working out the bags and battery life even with moderate use it drops off fast.
POS his phone is very good with its shining features like go ram , 16gb internal storage , imp camera etc working good with good battery power.
NEG however the battery drain is a big issue.to heavy games no excessive download n surging just usual chats n phone calls n still m shocked to see my battery entering the red zone by the th hours.only fr the battery drain i regret buying this phone.
POS while charging the battery phone gets very warm making it impossible to talk putting on ears.also though its brand new battery drains very fast.
NEG he unable to change the battery due to build battery.
NEG due to battery issue i need to change same almost in a years.
NEG moto g and men battery drains in 4 to 5 hours have to charge phone 2 to 3 times a day.
NEG from the day one i faced the problem of battery indication showing zero sometimes eventhough its full charge.
NEG the only problem i am facing is the insufficient battery back up.2070 mah.
NEG pro and sons are battery back is too good for a inches 2.
NEG only thing is battery draining faster.
NEG battery is ok for a day if you dont brows much.vice design battery is reasonable.
POS that i love about the phone is its fluidity and battery life.
NEG the phone is very loud.prosunlockedsd card up to 32gb5in screendual speaker and mic8megapixal rear camera and imp frontal cameragood battery lifegarrantee update to andros l*consno lte dont need it i got wifino dual sim for usa not that many colors but who cares.
POS battery is very poor but if you manage to carry a power bank this is one of the best phone in the prices.
NEG vice upgrade from moto g but could have added more juice to battery and display.
NEG flipkart delivery is oka the product which is looking good but operation wise if we look it out it has hanging problem and the battery also not that good withstanding capability.
POS happy to get the 5.0.2 updated animation is relay good and the battery back is great now.
NEG battery life 4 hours 30 minutes for heavy use not sure for casual use.
NEG but there is heating problem delivery was quick.
NEG good camera quality slim and compatible but very poor battery performance.it the same charging time is too long to get full battery charged.
NEG the build quality of the phone s excellent and i loved all d speck in d phone the phone will definitely give good battery back if u just dont play games much if u just use whatsapp n ff n such apes battery life ll be for at his approximately if u play too much of games in dis phone.den m sure u will hate dis phone because of d bad battery back up other than dat d phone s awesome.
NEG i observed that the andros operating system is using about 45% of the battery reducing the battery life to 5-6hr.while my wife is using moto e ( purchased from flipkart) its andros operating system is using only 16%of battery giving much more battery life.
NEG the battery life is very bad.
NEG hanging , battery exhausted not a handy mobile .
NEG the battery lasts a day and a half on a normal day.i regret upbraiding the system to lollipop because it drains my battery more without adding any more useful functionality.the support staff told me to turn off the phone to charge to full and also to charge only when battery is near flat to train the battery.
NEG battery is getting drain early.
NEG bought it for my dad actually selected cos he only paid for it.,,,well about the products battery was my main concern and its good as he makes decent number of calls.on a lighter note my days only complaint was that battery icon was too small.
NEG within a week one started to give battery problem - it drained from 80% to 30% in a couple of minutes.
NEG i am very impressed with the battery life on this phone!!!.
NEG everything is works perfectly fine except that battery.battery going to die within 4 hours.it will take 3 hours + time to fill the complete charging.
NEG battery life is beyond expected.
NEG i liked all the spec's(color saturation, performance camera of the phone except the battery which is average.
NEG the only con in this phone is the very average battery life.of one is a regular user of the phone for browsing whatsapp, etc several times a day i feel the battery will drain out in about 8-10 hours.
NEG allstarted 3 days back when the battery was showing full and suddenly showed 1%.
POS good camera battery life is good round quality by speakers is nice.
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG it is a good product by motorola,but one mistake like battery.increase the battery may unto 2600mah.
NEG had press several times to work sometimes that too didn work 3)mic problem complaints from persons on the other end of all not able hear me at all 4)battery problem : trained out like in 3 his of some wife download mainly pp updates),half he of video watching and half of games played (candy-crush and subways suffer in flip-kart .
POS hardware quality battery life is cool.
NEG recent battery dual him phone with all features in my budget sons over heating.
NEG by request dated 21.04.15 for replacement or return of my order delivered on 30.03.15 on account of heating and hanging problem has still not been approved till 24.04.15 .
POS battery back up not so god quiet god mobile.
NEG moto e and men (4g) is a better option if only performance is needed as the camera is not as expected without flash other than battery back this mobile is good for all the day to day tasks.
NEG battery charges slowly and drains quickly.
NEG after dating lollipop version its battery back also increased.
NEG the battery takes somewhat longer to recharge.
NEG the most disappointing feature is the battery.
POS utter smooth good cam recent battery and display loud speakers and good built quality con.
NEG also battery door is missing.
NEG battery is average for a normal user and needs charge twice a day.
POS very good battery life.
POS awesome battery stand by .
POS and battery performance is average.
NEG battery drains very quickly.
NEG for rocks.could had been better had they boast battery wid 3000 or 2500mah.
NEG the moto g version battery performance is very much disappointing.
NEG i have been using samsung galaxy s-advanced before this and was really tired of its hanging and battery problems.
NEG although it only has 8gb capability him impressed that it still run battery smooth.
NEG easy to hold no heating issues the main think that it comes out of lollipop 5.1 right out of the box i was surprised for that.
NEG him far from a power user so the battery easily lasts about 2-3 days every time i charge it.
NEG but there is problem in the battery losses.because the moto g is 5 inch display but the battery capacity is remains same that is 2070 mah .all are nice except battery.
NEG only desert point is battery backup.
NEG the battery life i hated yesterday only i bought this phone.very very worst battery backup.bullshiitttt phone in my life.
NEG dear reviewers, all android mobile having below 3000 may are having below average battery life.
POS - very nice display and speakers - different design miles battery than samsung's almost same designed honest.- battery life is also okay its not that good.
NEG battery consistency is extremely bad.overall a very minimal usage and yet the battery lasts for only around 6-8 hours with full charge.
NEG battery - honestly this is the worst battery back have seen on any phone till date.users who bought this phone with mitka said the phone was battery smooth before installing the lollipop updated.even the issue with battery lockup is because of lollipop as google officially said it and so google released lollipop 5.1 which have many improvements including battery backup.
NEG interface and operating system are good but battery back it bad (8hrs of intermediate usage and gets really hot and stuck while playing high end games.
NEG after full charge it lasts hardly for 5-6 hours only and on standby it lasts for 12-14 hours only.seems to be a 1000mah battery only.to not buy this phone if you want a long battery life.
POS best mobile phone in this price range its camera pretty good display battery back up is fine one drawback of this phone is during calls other person behind u can easily hear voice of another person who is on the call.
NEG moto g and men this mobile all problems battery kasper,and heating problem pl-leis my money back i am m.vijay human.battery drains quickly and it takes lots of time to charge completely(100%), remaining all things are fine satisfied with packing and delivery.
NEG it becomes heating machine on data enabled mode.
NEG it gets over heated just after taking 5 snap and also battery back is poor.
NEG but battery life is not good.very soon it is discharging battery & overheating problem is there.100% batery if you are using continuously then within 3-4 he max battery will dead.
NEG battery is the only con i feel after three months of use.
NEG ought the phone when it was first launched(sep-end) from flipkart.was going good for a while(only minor hiccups like difficulty is starting phone when the battery drain).
NEG average battery performance.
NEG battery back up issue.
NEG battery back is really poor.
NEG my phone battery back not good in phone charging time phone heat i am not satisfied moto go please solve my problem.
POS respectable for a smart phone battery life.
NEG battery life tends to be poor.i use it with wife thought and the battery hardly lasts for one full day.but today i got the lollipop 5.0.2 upgrade so lets see if the battery life improves.sinus one star due to battery.
NEG battery would be 3000 mah is better 2000 may is easily gone.
NEG battery not charging .
NEG very unsatisfied with the battery backup.i have to turn off the data conductivity to save battery what is the point of having smart phone if you cannot use internet and apes continuously and compromise due to bad battery backup?.
NEG battery lasts a long time.
POS its almost 3 months using this mobile till now no issue best phone under ask with good performance features and reasonable battery back up.
POS vice mobile with good battery back up and ram.nice display and looks slim and sleek in great range value for money appreciated service through flipkart.
NEG in these shone all features is good but battery back up is 2020mah its too low compare to others phone,phone will get seat during charging if we are using internet,games.
POS product is good battery.
NEG battery life - shone should last very easily least 24 hours with normal use.
NEG to issues connecting to our home network and my wife work wifi.cons: to 4glte, on removable battery to included headset/ear buds.
POS decent battery.not removable battery.
POS battery life is good took.
POS battery comes for one day with partial usage of 3g.
NEG battery reasonable.to heating and auto cut off after full recharge.
NEG the battery back is not very useful as claimed by the manufacturer unless not continuous browsing watching video or playing games.of none of these are used the battery can be easily managed for 1.5 days.the battery is not detachable and will need to be taken to the service center for replacement.
NEG though the battery back up is less.
NEG the only trouble is the battery problems drains very fast with only 6-8 his of heavy usage.
NEG battery is very nice worked two days with very less usage .
NEG battery 2070mah .that might average while seeing in number but let me tell you battery back is quite amazing .you wont have any issues regarding the battery back .only bad thing about battery is that it takes way too much time to charge .(idk the exact time but its little higher than samson mobile of this battery capacity 4.
NEG that i checked that other critics or buyers were saying a lot about its low voice from speakers not so good display and a bad battery backup.
POS everything is fine except the battery backup.
NEG to heating no lagging.
POS very good phone moto is best than all other chinese phone battery can withstand for a full day with heavy usage.
NEG after the lollipop updated phone laws very much battery back up is also running down.
POS yes i got lollipop on 24 jan its amazing phone working good no laws battery ok camera nice over all its worthy to buy.
NEG great phone with stock android.easy handling n good speck at this price level.camera is ok.and battery hardly last for just one day.
NEG in my set battery back up is very poor.
NEG long battery life 4.
NEG i did not find much issues with battery life however it will be a bit early to comment anything about this.eating this device as 4 star as i wanted to get the battery at least of 2900 mah.
NEG the only issue faced is battery problems.sometimes battery will discharge faster while using internet.
NEG over all moto g and gen is great phone except no nfc and no user-replaceable battery.
NEG first my battery will be at 90 percent and i turn the phone to sleep and i check it again 5 minutes later and the battery is at 50 percent .
POS sons battery is charging slowly and it drains quickly.after installing battery saving apes battery doctor now the battery life is good.
POS battery last for a day on continuous usage which i suppose is good.
NEG most useful is that its not heating at all.
NEG battery - i basically used my phone for browsing (45 mind james (20 mind watching video (20 mind social essaying (25 mind and listening to music for 2 hrs.and surprisingly i got battery back of 20hr+.
NEG company should give removable battery with the hands instead of giving fix batteries bow the phone is awesome in the price.
POS up th now come to the battery performance.
NEG poor battery performance.
NEG mobile was working for only 5 days the were not able to start the mobile after the battery got drained and charged as well .
NEG expandable unto 32 5.8mp cam dual him i am a person who prefer dual him good battery back cost 1.battery is not removable.
NEG battery dries earlier but after upbraiding to lollipop version increased backup.
NEG i have faced lots of issue with this products like battery issue biting issue network issue.
NEG the battery is not so great.
NEG the battery is faulty the phone gets heated up when u start playing any games overall good.
NEG still the problem with the battery persists.
NEG the sterno speakers are great for low volume music.cons:battery (2070 mah) could have been better.
NEG moto g has always been high on performance battery back + responsiveness + performance).
NEG battery keeps up reasonably although i am not a super heavy user who is on his phone all day long.
NEG problems poor battery capacity network issue:even after installing the network settings,cannot connect to internet from my vodafone him.
NEG but has low battery backup.
NEG not android lollipop update in a week time its a great phone good battery backup.
POS battery backup.
NEG which proves that no matter how many apes i installed in phone but as i enable mobile data battery go down very fast in fact full charge phone goes 10% in 2 or 3 hr.
NEG running smoothly no laws 1 go ram is sufficient.even shalt 8 run very smoothly.both camera are good battery back also good for moderate user ends 22-24 he.
NEG 3)battery is average , need to charge everyday even with normal usage.
POS though the mobile camera and battery back are good.
NEG its a decent phone and there is no problem like some say about charging or heating up.its superb.:).
NEG the mobile battery is very poor back and in standby mode it works only 4 hours maximum.
NEG worst battery back discharged within 4 hours even not using.
NEG the battery could have been better.
POS rose his is an awesome hands i got awesome camera quality that no one can match music player is also good must one advised of you are complaining for battery issue just keep a note always charge the phone 100% and you will see the difference.
NEG moto g and gen delivered on 27-10-2014 battery getting charge is taking lot of time and drying very fast without any internet use and i had ordered black moto g and generation but received white colour head shone that too poor quality after hearing for mind my ears was gaining and there is no right or left indication on the head phone.
NEG everything is nice except for battery charge time.
NEG built battery(can not changes is the only one problems.
POS battery is some what decent display is good.
NEG disadvantages are shone gets heated up during gazing performance of the battery is quite disappointing.
NEG other thing which i dint like is one can peronalize ringtones in this have to download a file manager battery is overall good.it.
NEG 2-battery-the battery gets drained very fast and passing even a day without charge becomes tough.
NEG battery withstand only for 3 his dont buy it plsss''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''''.
POS the shone looks "awesome" and no more issues like by old mobile and the main important thing - the battery life is excellent.
NEG battery back is low 7 hours back only in standby mode i have purchased on dec-2014, battery back is very low and mobile heat 4 time visiting the service centre they take 4 days every time but my problem not solved.
POS no problem after 3 months great battery back.
NEG training of battery is just a problem otherwise this phone is very good.
NEG all functionality is good only battery issue.of you use g then in 4 hours battery lost i just purchased 2 weeks ago camera is too god.
NEG features are good but there is heating problem with the phone.
NEG of the battery is 2500mah or more it would be nice.
NEG but the battery back need to be increased and ringtone and sms option not there for two sims.
NEG prose camera andros version sons battery wont come for even quarter of a day even after full night charge.
NEG battery back is poor.
NEG average battery life.
NEG i bought a new moto go using pp offer got the phone within two days with lot of issues which unable to solved first thing i vexed with the shone battery got heated while using the phone internet or watching any video second worst case about the mobile is hearing person they hear their own voice(echo) while speaking in very loudly simply saying door quality.
POS battery is an issue here otherwise is a worth to go for.
POS amazing fast battery recharging.
NEG i think windows operating system is just more efficient than andros when it comes to using ram and battery power.i noticed the power through your day with the allay battery in the description as if that is something to brag about.him using clean master pp and disabled lot of unnecessary pp modifications so i may squeeze a one and half day battery power now.maybe in the future i will get lollipop 5.1 or another update that will improve battery life.all the pro easily compensated for the lackluster battery life.of you are a lesser user you may get a day and a half battery use.
POS coming to the battery life him pretty much happy a whole day back which i liked on it with an average usage putting it in wife and texts surging n etc am happy with the performance.
NEG with in @ week am facing problem like stuck heating.
NEG 3 - issue with battery.4 - battery drops down inconsistently.
NEG i bought this phone 3 months back.from 1 month it started making problems.low battery back is inherent drawback.and then volume and power buttons started making problems.mow volume down button is gone.worst thing is motorola service .
NEG the features included in this mobile are good,but i would give a 5 star if the battery back would have been better.
NEG battery is oka will last 10 to 12 hours.
NEG giving 4 stars due to poor battery otherwise it would have been five.only issue is with battery back up.even with minimum usage battery doesn last for long.
NEG shone is good for moderate use battery life is on down side needs to be charged twice a day not recommended for games with bluetooth console and all as ram is limited.
NEG i i have taken this shone and the battery back up is very poor only 4 hours without using it for talking on stand by or using net it gives u only 4 hours of back up.well battery and heating problem with the phone.
POS good battery life.
NEG shone is overall good only two disadvantages according to me are its battery is pathetic and the display is too delicate.
NEG degraded with lolipop u find problem in battery phone show 100% battery full time but suddenly phone get shut down.
POS battery is just okay.
POS i think solo is better at-least cheaper then moto g. poor battery backup.i have been using the phone for 2 weeks now & can complain on anything am very happy with battery backup.will now zero problems high quality display no hanging issues no heating issues high picture quality and overall it is an excellent mobile.
NEG battery life is not up to the expectation.
NEG battery is fine not as bad as criticized like assist which comes with the phone it sets up my usage pattern easily and i dont have to configure usage pattern manually.although glad that i can be free of samsung's bloated apply i do not like that android 4.4 doesn provide enabling wifi/bluetooh/airplane mode in single wipe and tick maybe him just unaware how to do it.
NEG have been using it for 3 days only but here is my initial observation on the only con i saw so far battery.the of watching video on if ate up 30% of the battery.there was also little heating up of the hands but that is kind of excepted from all smartphones.
