NEG phone stuck and automatically some problems occur camera rarity less i used for 3 days totally 100 times its stuck.
NEG the camera is also nice as compared to moto g st generation and the rest you will know after buying this phone.
POS the camera resolution is best value for this mobile.
NEG when you take photo or video outdoor heavy sunlight then the phone getting heat high and hanging.
POS --> with brilliant 5 inch ips display which produce very high quality images and video with 720p.
NEG was micro sands to put music photos video on.
NEG larger photos eat up storage space quicker and takes longer for uploading,sharing especially when there is no need and use for such large files.for poster-sized pictures i would use real camera with large senior and large lens.
POS picture quality sound quality also good overall motto go is very good mobile in its price.its a value for money.
POS display camera quality is very good.but face detection didn work for me.
POS camera clarity is impressive.
POS picture clarity has improved by a huge margin.the.imp camera is way better than the imp camera of the moto even the front camera is now better.so full marks to motorola for improving the camera.
POS to fast great camera.
NEG i dont play mobile games nor do i watch many video do any social networking, or any intense mobile phone usage.
NEG the camera dont work and its supposed that the telephone is new.
NEG optical size optical camera optical performance.
POS camera is good for macros.
POS camera is very good.
NEG moto has a gorilla class but z comes with a oleophobic coating network both have almost same network configuration but moto works well in low range areas and have a very good network conductivity speakers were moto ranks first camera z comes with a 13 up cam and for moto 8 up here also the picture clarity seems to same.
POS the 8mp camera takes good pictures.
POS with latest andros version great camera quality.
POS camera is decent if not extraordinary.
NEG nice dear camera and clarity is simply superb etc con's: 1.front camera clarity is not good etc.
NEG camera is more than enough for casual pick.
NEG needs twice a charging per day if you are a serious camera.
NEG are camera picture quality is awesome, front camera is not good.
NEG now does goose think we will son the existing music and video on our computer.
POS video clarity is good.camera clarity is good.
POS both camera are of good quality.
NEG the only downside is the camera because the exposure is completely off because it tries to expose the light itself.its ok if your a person is that doesn take too many picture.
NEG coming to the camera it is a imp rear and imp front.the camera are good not great as compared to hind phone but as compared to the same price phone which boast a 13 up camera i would say the pictures clarity is the same if not better on the moto g2.there are phone that give better speck like oct core processors and 13 up camera but they wont give you a better performing machine.
POS very good phone good camera good features very sleek but it has micro him so i have to cut it and just in ask.
NEG the rear camera is capable of taking pretty descent images in low light as well.
POS his phone camera has a pretty decent sensory.
NEG value for money built camera features user do not need to adjust the mode manually.
POS feels very durable, display is very crisp and clear and the camera is great.
NEG over all the hand set is cool but the camera out put is not as 13 mp.
NEG camera i have used moto g(2013) and i can say that the camera has improved.
POS good camera quality and front camera is also very nice.
POS camera is great and phone is very fast canst see why anyone would pay $500+ for a phone when you can get this dynamite phone for under $200.
NEG but g2's camera is far more better than its.
POS i ordered it at 12.07 am and get it today.phone looks good both front and back camera are awesome.although of 5 inch screen.phones handful is very great.
NEG sd card is not working otherwise everything is god performance ok camera is ny could anyone pass tell ho to exchange the phone using warranty.
POS dear camera quality is very good.
NEG the camera is awful and doesn focus correctly.
POS even the front camera is good.
POS its really better choose for mid range and it has better camera shape also good one.
NEG camera : since it has got 8 up picture quality is super fine dont use the booming feature it sucks n the front cam is too good in day light , tried making video calls on skype,viber etc low motion video is a better move dont expect miracles .
POS very good speakers mindblowing camera.
POS awesome phone.phone features camera , display , sound everything is nice.
POS the best ever phone i have use till now within this price range the camera and image quality is excellent except ringtone can not changes rest all are good.
NEG of all the features camera is average.not too many options.good video recording.
POS west part of it it has a good camera with focus and burst imagine.
NEG everything works perfectly fine except one issue that is its getting heated very badly after taking 5-6 photos!!.
POS voice and decent camera for its prices.
POS camera is good music player not like bony but cost wise its ok.
POS camera quality is lajawab of both front and rear camera.
NEG him satisfied with the phone but the only thing is that there is no option in the camera to shift to rear camera.to only the front facing camera is functional.
POS west phone in that range u can enjoy the everything in this phone camera quality is beyond awsm, even the front one is up to the marked high end games are playing smooth.
POS camera quality does real justice to the price of the phone.overall very impressed with the usage.
NEG camera quality is average.battery.but when recording video the sound recording quality is very bad.
POS picture quality of camera is nice sons 1.
POS the camera is very good.
POS camera and video is good not great.if you are looking for tight integration into the goose ecosystem, nice build for an attractive prices this phone is an easy choice.
NEG it does not need a scratch guard as it is protected y gorilla glass cameras-both the front and back camera are amazing in outdoor as well as indoors storage-we have 16gb internal storage out of which about 12gb is available.
NEG i took this phone 2 months back still working fine not got any problems camera oka little bit problem in volume but manageable.
NEG when i capture the images with rear camera the images that i capture are not clear they are blurred.video shooting is also blurred.
NEG camera quality superb.no hanging problems.
POS for a regular call text net user like me the phone works well for the purpose with a great camera took.
POS camera is also good.
NEG i bought this phone on the big billion day on exchange of my old phone after two days while receiving a call no voice or sound was coming from the apiece nor from the speaker after reporting it solved the problem the next day while clinking a pick the camera flash wouldn go off even after lowering down the device after reporting and clinking on the camera pp stopped it.other than those bug the phone is great.
NEG its a good phone great camera esp front cam.fast, to hanging issue.worth.
POS camera - the 8mp camera is fairly good 5.
NEG moto u rockrz.got lollipop n god pen in ask it very fast go ram.bt god camera quality n new feature is slow motion camera.new addition.
NEG video looks amazing.i have noticed that speakers are quite improved from older moto go voice is very loud and crisp voice doesn get crack even if you play a high pitched noisy video on full volume.camera on this device is of 8 megapixel.and secondary camera is of 2 megapixel, i must say both the camera works brilliantly.i have made a type call to my friend and outdoing video was really good as my find told.
POS the phone perform daily tasks perfectly and the display is nice for watching moves and video.the camera has been the most important update and it takes much better picture than the previous gen model.
NEG 8mp back 2mp front camera.
POS camera is awesome, both front and back.
POS camera quality is also superb.
POS camera clarity nice.
POS round great display great camera good.
POS perfect phone in this price with all features.have to mention camera clarity which is awesome.
NEG front cam has good low light imagine.dear cam again sucks.
POS moto g is as usual very good phone good speaker nice camera.
POS camera quality is also very good.
POS moto go is just amazing display is exceptional.stereo speakers,camera and everything is just great.
NEG moreover the camera quality is gr8.
NEG camera quality is awesome, even low light photographs are not too bad.
NEG camera heard very good for outdoor photos with sufficient lighting but not very good in dim light.the in-built camera pp is superb has manual focus hdr, panorama.camera front : perfect for self who needs 5mp for self this 2mp is enough 5.amazing picture quality.
NEG camera is better then nexus 5.one of my friend has nexus 5 we compared our camera n moto g 2 wins :).
NEG i have an xbox for such things.so as far as performance i am basin it on testing dating apply internet browsing couture videos, camera instagram and so on.not battlefield 4.
NEG i have been using since last week and i enjoyed it first 2-3 days but after that i felt many problems with camera touchscreen etc when i request to return they humbly accepted it.
NEG the camera is also not very good.
NEG the camera is okay.i didn expect the front camera to be good but it actually turned out to be really good.however although its true for almost any phone camera in foka gumma work better even when they are of less resolution.but dont let a not-so-good camera stop you from buying this.
NEG * front-facing camera.
NEG but video playback is not unto the mark.video playback interrupt sometimes.
POS excellent camera events o movement.
POS excellent features and excellent camera in this prices.
NEG of novo can upgrade the display it will be awesome camera.
POS i brought moto g and men today i took some phone and i feel camera is good.
POS i brought this phone from flipkart 2 days ago it is good sound quality is nice picture is also better but not so good as samson phones,and i get the lollipop version 5.0.1.
NEG video their voice to blr wfld 20140500258299 of same date and delivered at address of my office .
NEG the primary camera is pretty good in day but at night there are some grains in image.
POS sons camera both is good not best , picture quality in room is worst.
POS moto id delivering its best to customers camera if quite better than st gen and the speeeed.
POS its my first andros phone and it has lived unto my expectations.great camera and speed.its a honour to have this phone.
NEG i have the moto g st gen i have the moto e and i have the moto g 2 and gen nice set camera is good lolipop 5 updated so far no issues.
NEG rear camera is also nice.some details get missed in photos but overall its a nice camera.front camera is bad.
POS good camera fast light.
POS camera is absolutely good.
NEG u will disappoint about camera even it is 8mp but no clarity.
NEG good features good camera does not last loud sound unable , one month done and still no complains.
NEG rear camera produces great images in outdoor condition and average on indoor,better than my previous ll optimism g which has 13mp.
POS its camera is absolutely awesome.
POS god quality camera.
NEG camera quality is also quite good.although phone seems to heat up slightly on prolonged use of the camera.
POS shone camera music video works fine.
POS camera quality is good in outdoor not average in indoors.
POS camera is nice and good features.
NEG dear camera is not that great.
NEG camera is bad bad and worthless in any situation other than daylight snap maybe second generation of the moto g with the imp camera is better.
POS camera isn great but its what to expect for a cheaper phone.
POS camera quality is good.
NEG wen u switch to imp mode it will give dslr type output which is awesome.front cam is awesome and series will be just crisp if u use apes ly retract or b612.
POS good sound quality good camera and picture quality.
POS nice camera.
POS camera quality is very good,overall features is also good.running well.processor is very fast.display quality is also good.overall i say 4.0/5.
NEG camera the camera in the and gen moto g have been upgrade from the st gen one.i haven extensively tested the camera - its a feature i dont use much.motorola has always lagged in the camera department.
NEG his is a standard camera but not completely horrible.
NEG i just got the phone in 3 days from the date of booking and to say about the smart phone moto go it was good in performance but we cannot find all the features where we can find in other phone like riding unwanted applications in the menu not getting full picture of contact when someone calls us.
NEG to go to the x room that the camera offers digital it takes many attempts.
POS i liked the moto go camera.i used nexus 4 before but moto go camera quality is very good.
NEG camera is not rousing small letters (tryto take a photo of words in a book and you will know what ism saying 3.headphone-yuk happy .
NEG can`t take video continuously 3 minutes.
POS camera quality is very fine.
NEG camera both rear and front performance is awesome!!!.
NEG camera does not focus near objects quickly.
POS first of all i had ordered dis product and i got a faulty one but it happens and than to the flipkart guns they helped me with the change and coming to the phone its a nice one camera quality is nice and good also in low light conditions can play games with minimum heat problems as compared with other phone of dis much specie.
POS camera quality is pretty decent and captures good pick during daylight however there are not many functions to play around with the built camera pp 2.
NEG it should be 2500 mhz.sound quality and camera awsome.
POS good thing about this phone is its camera quality.and.
POS the product delivered has a defective primary camera.
NEG west camera.
NEG while using video camera.after few minutes camera portion getting heated and also when using wife or data continuously then this problem arises.
POS excellent camera.16.
POS and as it has a great camera i could capture photos all my wishes.
POS camera quality is good.
NEG the camera is wonderful.its a 8mp camera which is quite superior.honestly looked just as good as a samsung galaxy camera.
NEG never laws but the camera quality would have been made better.
POS i received the phone in excellent conditions but when i try to record a video pips a ratification up saying that you can not start capturing video.
POS actually now a days samson is a very common phone i wanted to purchase other and then i saw moto g 2 in good prize moto people has given very good facilities to us camera is very good video quality is very good and also look is awesome sound is also good in earphone also.
NEG round is clear display is good camera is good.
POS picture and video quality is awesome.
POS fast,camera is good.
NEG it this phone for a good value but dont expect a great camera or fancy features.
NEG i purchased this barely 3 months ago and already the camera has started acting up.
POS but this phone is great love the colors of the pictures i take with it and video he and watching moves .
POS excellent phone,nice picture quality , have all the features required.
NEG shone getting heat when we used camera for 15 minutes.
NEG very sturdy like old nikita honest good performance camera a bit slow but good at this prices.
POS great camera fast processing and bright colours.
POS cam has been practically improved.
POS camera clarity ( both primary and secondary ) is awesum.
NEG i only rarely watch video.instead of blasting sounds out the back like too many phone and tablets do this one shoots the sound toward you.the camera is.him not a photography nut so both the front-and-rear camera are fine for the occasional novelty snap.i'm highly pleased that the phone has a micro card slot - a thing which too many android phone are giving up these days.the installation of android is a nearly-sterile copy of mitka 4.4.4,.
NEG its display clarity and camera clarity was very superb but it doesn have mile exposure to view files.
POS camera is just awesome and the audit quality is also very good.
NEG with less prrice/////// camera,,just superverb,,,,, nd sound of the fone.likeable.
POS camera quality is quality is excellent.
NEG camera quality could be better otherwise a very decent phone for the prices sometimes him error message is displayed.camera quality is not that good especially in night.
NEG its a great phone for the price but the only bad thing is the camera way bad if you ask me.of your not that into the camera this phone is perfect for you.
POS i mostly use the phone for calling some times as camera or music.i must say the camera is amazing the pictures are awesome.
POS camera is pretty good as well.
NEG that i can say is that this phone has been great for me and i have not had any problems with it.since it currently runs the most recent version of android (5.0 lollipop) it has been compatible with every pp i have thrown at it and does so with ease.the only complaint that i have with this phone is the average quality of the built-in camera.
NEG i ordered the phone during dial sale i received my phone th act the st issue 1 faced was my volume display comes automatically i was still alright with it as it dint bother my day to day activities then with in a month my camera stopped working said camera error cannot connect to camera.
NEG stock camera has good features took.
POS and coming to the good ones the camera clarity is so good and i liked it .
POS i have been using this motog(2nd men since 5 months am very much satisfied and please find my ex with motor pros&cos good look and stylish camera dear and front picture quality is excellent in day time and little bit dull in night though we use flash.good thing is while video recording we can capture images also i can give 5 stars for this features.
NEG the camera quality also became very poor after the updation.
NEG when i have to start the camera to use it.
POS satisfied for what i afford for this product process 8mp camera 1gb ram zinc display on overall ism happy with the mobile.
POS i love this phone works great and the camera is incredible for a simple phone camera.
NEG the camera is good but not much of improvement really.overall i would say that in this budget us zenfone 5 is the better than this phone both in terms of performance and camera.
POS high performance camera 8mp.
POS camera quality is very good .
POS primary camera is great intact better than my digital camera.
NEG like video calls video player,voice records etc.front camera also very poor.
NEG camera is not as good as discussed on flipkart.
NEG camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
NEG camera is god .most of all m a game so i recommend dis phone to all the camera.
POS now come to mobile camera quality excellent.i loved to use this smartphone.
POS awesome display , round & camera quality.
POS camera quality is very nice display is very good.
POS i was doing the same mistake and very apprehensive but finally i bought this phone and its just worth the money.smashing features great quality of camera pick n many more.
POS high quality dual frontal speakers are perfect for video watching.
NEG k video suffered but ordinary 1080p played well.
NEG same goes for trying to use the camera while listening to music or listening to podcasts while browsing the web/viewing facebook.
POS the phone is super awesome as the moto-g(1st men and the cam quality had been increased a lot and that a very good job done in this phone.
NEG pictures and video do look sharp enough.its a unable camera and will take decent shots in well lit environment.8mp camera captures with superb clarity front camera is also awsome!!.
POS the camera is surprisingly good.
NEG it drains very fast while browsing and watching video.front camera is good 8 - take much time to get charged more than 3 he from 0 to 100% final words it is a better option if you are not an hard core game even after that you have to charge it twice a day.best for an office guy.
NEG st may experience it became hot at rear camera after 5 minutes usage.camera clarity disappointed.after 10 mind usage of if & playing 10 mind video phone became hot again.to secondary mice no voice control pick & video clarity is just ok.
POS the slow-mo camera is also good.
POS the camera quality in outdoor is superb for indoor its average.
NEG the camera is fine do not expect professional results but it does the job and video are ok took.
POS nice camera quality.
NEG vice camera.
NEG the only complain that i have is the camera quality.for 8mp camera quality let more to wish.
NEG the camera lacks basic option like time and resolution settings.
NEG camera also works very well both rear & front camera photos looked much better in non hdr mode personal preference it also supports 720p video recording & it also boots slow motion video 2 720p which is quiet awesome.
POS the camera is very good.
POS cam clarity is excellent 4.
NEG also camera picture quality is not up to the mark.front cam is okay when compared to rear cam though it got more meg pixels.
NEG the camera was k .i wish it had camp camera.stock andros manages apes perfectly even with one go ram and front camera was great.but i would soldier the andros one range of smartphones which have constant updated and same speck except the back camera.
NEG him not a teach expert but this phone is too slow some pass suddenly just stop working when ism using them and one particular fact the phone usually gets overheard if you use it for a long time for example if you watch video on snapchat)i was happy with my phone but now its a pain in the ass.
POS primary camera great quality.secondary camera below part.
POS excellent camera quality.
POS good camera display and hardware specie.
POS very good performance nice designed camera clarity is excellent.
NEG camera not nice.worst.
POS a very decent and preferable device i have ever seen otg support full he video and it supports all the functions as mentioned in the about part.
POS i bought moto go last months its working nicely and the camera is super clarity and the phone function is very good.
NEG the camera quality is poor forget about indoor photo.moto better improve this else it will soon lose out to the bigger with better camera.
NEG i had wanted a phone with a decent camera decent display under 10000.the camera clarity was good.the hdr mode makes the photos look brighter and clearer.
POS camera quality is good both front and back camera are good you can install camera room ff to take pics.that pp can truly increase the quality of pics.u can get it from play stores.
POS great primary camera.getting hot after recording video for only 2 mind.
NEG camera motorola has a reputation that their phone camera are not good.well the camera of moto g and genu is an exception.its snapshots are very nice even the front camera which is only 2mp can surprise you sometimes.it does struggle when the light is low but which camera doesn't, right.
POS the phone is best in its class display is nice camera a good performer in short it is a cheap nexus 5.
POS firstly it comes with a 8 up primary camera that allows you to click fine he pick.
NEG the camera takes clear images with its imp camera only.i didn like the pre-installed camera pp.later i download google camera pp from play store which is better than the pp that comes with the phone .
NEG vice camera quality.nice features.gud graphics.and just delivered in 24 hours.m living dis phone.my new moto g and genu.
NEG ac3 audit is not support on several video files.the same video files worked without issues on the galaxy.h/w deciding also did not work on several video.the camera firmware or camera is very poor text can never be captured correctly.quick singing of photos and holders even if you dont want them synced!!!).of you want a great phone for productivity reminders ocr, fantastic photos and video any phone will be a seriously good phone.
POS camera is awesome.
POS of your into camera functions & clarity then this isn the one for you.
POS secondary camera is not up to the mark.primary camera is 8 pal which is quite good.
NEG check out my couture channel appsonfire for a video review!so my phone has recently broke and i didn have that much too spend so i was looking for a phone that can still perform well and not break the budget and i decided to pick up the moto g because i have heard really great things about it.you actually get a pretty decent camera.but dont expect this to be a flagship camera.the phone focused a little bit slow and it doesn take photos very fast either.the camera on the moto g also suffers in lowliest situations but if you have the right lighting this camera is actually pretty good.the is the same for the front camera as well.
POS the only area where moto go disappointed me is camera quality.a nice smart phone in the range of 15,000/- good picture quality voice and internet surging.
POS the camera are excellent.
POS camera and call quality are perfect.
NEG the camera is really good for an imp it brightens the area you focus on and the video recording is very crisp.you will not be disappointed with regard to the camera.
POS moto g is the best mobile for playing games nice camera with 8 meg pixel.
POS display performance camera quality , mice speaker everything is best.
POS the camera quality is okay.
NEG worst camera.
POS camera is also awesome on this phone.
NEG the product delivered to me was defective had functionality issues with the camera and flash.camera flash was glowing even after closing the camera application and the device was getting hot.the issue found to be reproducing when using the camera with the flash on & automatic.
POS amazing camera overall a fantastic andros phone for the price its coming just awesum .
POS camera is good.
POS andros phone with good camera and display quality.
POS rose camera excellent body build is very good and that two speaker in front gives you a very nice look.
POS i love phone its camera & happiness of phone.
POS the phone is even better than higher end mobiles,, both front and rear camera have better picture quality is superb .
NEG camera is also better in zenfone 5.
POS video and pick quality are also really nice.
POS camera is too good with the price range.secondary camera can capture nice selfie.
NEG the main thing is the camera which i would like to discuss as it cannot be only specified my megapixels but rather needs a description.great performance of camera even in low light which i didn expected at this price point.a great camera for indoor photographs.one minute drawback with the camera is that your hands need to be very sturdy for a perfect shot ( i guess there is no optical stabilization).however one can download goose camera pp for a slightly better camera performance.front camera is average and not very good.
POS front camera works really great with better and brighter pick.
POS camera is good and even display is fine.
POS camera quality is better than last motor.
POS the photos are coming out very good.
POS camera is awesome.
NEG shone 6 video in youtube(moto g 2 is fast as per that video.its great to see a video or play games.
NEG sons ------- camera is a bit let down on low light photography but its part and parcel with a low budget smart phone the plastic cover on the back side is too flies and each time i opened it i felt like its going to break :-) flipkart logistics is awesome!.
NEG i wanted a nice smart phone with a good camera but i didn want to pay 300 dollars much less 250.the front cam is great nice clear pictures.back cam and flash are marvelous.
POS good camera good updates.
NEG i am a recognized developer @ da developers.com and this phone is best in class.don't miss it.battery life is good and it depends on your usage.good call quality.good camera thanks to flipkart's delivery service.
NEG camera is also not too impressive i have seen better camera in lesser ranges honest.
POS camera is good i have taken phone in night its flash work grm not so good quality but as compare to micromax into its good.
NEG when i am taking video more than 5 mints then it was striking and not starting i have taken to the nearest motorola service center it will take 5 days to know the problem , i am now thinking this is the waste of my money and time.
NEG this mobile not support video calling and charging should be less than two hours when using internet.
POS camera quality is so nice.
POS the camera is good only in day light and it not suits in night light.
POS i would recommend this phone as the camera quality is excellent & overall performance is good with the latest android - 5.0 lollipop.
POS camera and sound quality good and very nice.
NEG mobile getting seat after continuous use of camera / same for more than 10 sins.
NEG i like the front camera clarity which is just awesome in day light as well in dark area.
NEG camera clarity is 8 meg icel is more clear than samson and macromax and xiomai red mid.
NEG recent photos from the 8mp camera 5.
POS his product is much more expensive to sartphone users camera clarity is also very good met your personality shine through but its equally important to provide facts to back up your opinion.
POS good camera quality.
POS rd mobile combine all the above issues i thought to live with that and suddenly one day the phone crashed while using camera and rebooted.
POS camera has also improved a lot over the previous version.
NEG but due camera needs to be improved significantly to get original moto cover.
NEG camera by old phone has better camera over this camera.i am not big fan of camera usage over phone so i am ok with camera.
NEG both camera is very superb!!!.
NEG i upgrade to this phone to use it in addition to using it to make calls and send texts on backpacking trips as a gps and as a camera.
POS camera is just awesome front and back almost every game can be played.
POS camera - excellent performance in sunlight photos look crisp and sharp.
NEG front camera also good.awesome.video plays d 720p.
POS unable camera is of good quality (both).
NEG recent camera 6.camera could have been better s camera was better 3.
NEG camera quality 2.
NEG but front camera is not good.
POS good camera nice auditor.
POS camera just superb especially the 2mp front camera which is far better than that of samsung galaxy grand crimes 5mp front camera.
NEG his phone is not good for music lover apart from this motorola did well to make such a good mobile in this segment worth for money go for it with imp camera and 5 inch display go ram,.
POS excellent dear and front camera 4.
POS most impressive part is it does not get heat when you video call over skype, i do that for more than an hour and it is as cool as it looks which also surpassed all the expensive features honest.
NEG i bought moto g2.its good looking cam is good in day light.but there is lag.wifi see is not so good.when volume is kept maxim sound is not good.there is a burning smell in audit jack and us port.flipkart delivery is very good.i got the phone in a day.head phone is very nice.phone is not so fast.
NEG the camera quality is not as good as sonya or samsung.the secondary camera is really good no doubts about it.
POS love the camera.
NEG recorded video and captured snap looks awesome.
NEG i am giving single star because of its camera but it doesn deserved.
POS camera quality is sweet well at least in well lighted conditions.front camera is also decent enough to show all the ugly pimples in your face.
POS its camera which has 8 m is good but not great considering others in this price brackets.
POS good camera picture and video quality in night is also very good 2.
NEG when i set flash to in mode and try capturing picture camera sometimes hangs and flash remains in in states.when if i try reopening the camera it asks me to start the phone.it gets off when i open the camera again after restarted.
NEG first time him using motorola phone,it's a great experience.screen size,sound,camera is so nice.battery back up also ok.
POS the camera takes more than decent pics.front camera has better details for series enough details and good colours for casual photography 3.hideous are good with enough detail though 1080p would make customers more happy anyway shooting high quality video isn much of a necessity for most people the default 720p is good enough for your casual functions 4.
POS front and secondary camera clarity is good.
POS now light pictures in camera exteremly good.the front camera is very good for selfish.
NEG must watch out for the camera quality.
POS size k camera its really a good buy under 13k for an 8mp camera.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
POS i never notice it camera takes really good pick even in low light situations with the flash off flash is really bright and vivid white color doesn have a blue tint like some of my other phone have had.front camera isn the greatest but if there is enough light it will take a nice pick.
POS very very nice phone got it late in varansi camera is good both him support g very good display age.
POS camera also good.
POS good camera, good loud speaker, good volume, sensors working amasingly , its totaly working good .
POS good camera , image quality is very high.
NEG his phone has poor camera quality.
POS * camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfish.
NEG it first i thought the camera with its 2 separate picture editing programs turned out the best photographs have seen.but as i realized much later with the 2 programs and an awful lot of work i was only improving pictures taken with a very mediocre camera to close to what they would have been if taken with a better one.and thanks to a recent camera upgrade the selective rousing and spot peter are next to impossible to use.of it weren for the camera i would give it 3 stars.
NEG i bought my moto go on nov 2014 from flipkart.till date the is no problem i found.and also i got the lollypop updation.its works fine.camera clarity & internet usage awoesome.if any body like to buy a phone this price with good performance & good camera and style.then u can surely buy moto g2.its simply awoesome.
POS the imp camera is decent.the camera is really good.camera is good.it doesn produce great photos - but they are good enough to share on whatsapp.i usually rely on my sonya camera for any serious photography.
POS best smartphone in the market at this price.go for it without any hesitation.the camera of this phone is awesome.
NEG shone finish , clarity , camera , user interface is totally in a finished format.
NEG the camera set up is strange and the messages management seems strange.when you have to use the manual to figure out how to use anything its not a good sign.perhaps its a sign him getting old but when the phone rang i pressed the white picture of a phone - no go i couldn answer the call.
NEG camera is a 8mp unite but low light photos agent very good.
POS camera quality and features are better than moto g first genu.
POS one thing which like most is camera with awesome clarity.
NEG camera : generally i dont use the camera that much so it wont to be fair for me to speak about the camera.
POS good camera is very good.
POS rich video experience 11.
POS got this phone in an exchange offer nice phone and speck in this price range and camera quality is good.
POS front cam is awesome clarity on selfish.
NEG camera never started.
POS very impressive camera 3.
NEG its has a poor quality camera.a good camera is the one which can click clear pictures in low light that this phone cannot do that at all.that is the benefit to spend 11,000 for a smart phone if it does not have a good camera instead one can buy a phone for around 5,000 with all most the same features.its only samsung that never disappoints its customer from the point of a good camera.i use galaxy note 2 that a great camera and i will never think of any other brand but samsung.
POS camera is absolutely wonderful and click great snap.you need to charge it everyday and if you saw a lot of video then u would have to charge it in 7 to 8 hours.the camera is excellent.
POS camera quality is excellent.even you can increase its performance via downloading some awesome camera pp from lay stores.
NEG this phone is good in all aspects camera of this phone is mediocre(install goose camera pp from play store.for better photo sappy experince.
NEG despite that i am able to watch video from the internet with no issues although i typically have the phone connected to wife anyway.
POS primary and front camera is fantastic.
NEG camera is not so good indoors.
POS excellent photos 3.
POS the phone is good and have nice camera.
NEG as advertised only slow boot time and bad camera but it arrived 24 hours late and i had to re ship it to my new address because i had to travel urgently.
POS build quality is awesome, camera is superb sound output is loud enough.
POS camera is good.
NEG camera quality eight took material quality etc.
POS the camera is decent with a front camera also.
POS rose sound build quality hardware quality,good camera.
POS keyboard is great for testing and no issues even with the camera.
POS i still like it in terms of audio,video,camera, all features for the prices it is good.
POS camera and picture quality is good with hdr.
NEG plays 1080p video smoothly 4.8mp rear and 2mp front camera.
POS 8 up primary and 2 up secondary camera.both the camera is capturing nice picture.also primary camera works good at night also because of flash light.
POS camera quality is really impressive including front camera 3.
NEG it will overhead when opening camera for 10 min after the update to 5.0.2 so many bags occuring please dont buy this mobile.
POS camera is good but not much compared with karl less lowered windows phone but still photos are good.
POS it is good product and camera clarity is awesome.
POS camera quality awesome video quality awesome stand by : good took awesome.
POS camera both front and back are awsome, gives clear sharp picture.
NEG if ram and camera could have improved then it would be a gems.
POS good decent camera useful.
NEG the mobile is good one but the camera has some problems it turns on the flash light and after reporting only the flash turns off.
POS the moto g and men is the best phone in class up quality is good camera is also good.
POS camera primary and secondary is absolutely satisfactory.
NEG camera quality is good.but it get stuck frequently.i have installed only 2 or 3 apes in it even though it gets stuck.and media player in moto g is not good.songs canst be set as ringtone for that you need to download extra apes for a better music player.
POS camera is better.
NEG grayish selfie camera.
NEG i went to a trip and did not carried a camera as i was satisfied with picture quality of this camera.before this trip i have used camera occasionally that too for not more than couple of pictures at a time.in my trip as i was using phone camera just after 3-5 minutes of continuous usage especially in bright sunlight it stopped responding and my phone went to hung state even power button was not responding.i left it as is for couple of minutes after which it camera did not worked but phone became sluggish.
NEG - rear camera is good for a mid range mobile phone.front camera exceeds expectation definitely good for video calls.amazing gorilla glass 3 my phone fell down from 5 feet 3 times and still no scratches rose everything is good sons phone ll heat up if u use the camera for more than 15 min.
POS this phone is perfect for anyone who is not a hardware camera.the camera are very nice the back looks nice and it gets the latest updated in time.
NEG i was impressed with testing video of gorilla glass but in reality i was very disappointed with the glass.
POS its a good choice for the price , i feel the camera is not to mark with 8 up especially the quality is not very good when its taken with room.
POS wao what a great camera with auto focus.
POS camera result is also good.
NEG to doubt that it is one of the best phone at this price tags but i am a bit disappointed with the picture quality.
NEG the only problem i face camera some times m not able to get focus.
NEG camera 8/10 very good picture & video quality good slow motion video recording flash also good.now light photos are equally good for the flash.photos and video can be made in full dark also.front camera is also very good.but after booming not that much picture clarity.
POS cam quality to be improved.
POS looks excellent sons camera not up to the mark.
NEG so i went for replacement i got replacement product that product also defect in camera blinking and its captured images all are fade only i have tried in all settings.
NEG used for 6 months now not a damn problem even got the lolipop update camera quality is good and the delivery was fast took.
POS some times mobile hanging service centers also rare picture clarity also not good compare to samson 8 up.
POS camera both back and front could have improved the focus of front camera.
NEG even though it is mentioned on few websites, i was not able to import photos and video from my old phone using migrate pp.camera is not very good i struggled with rousing and capturing initially.now light picture quality is very bad even with flash on).after receiving the new camera updated i can adjust the exposure which is a good features.all explore the camera more and will post the updated.
POS look-wise the black one is better than the white one as one of my friend has the white one.the applications works very good.the camera is also quite good as pictures look good on the phone.the camera application is not good so you have to install a third party camera application and also a third party music application as the phone has only goose music player.
NEG shone is very fast light weight display is good camera is not unto the mark click so many lured images flash is not working properly.
POS the camera and video quality are verisimilitude to the real world.
POS product is very good when considering the performance,camera quality.the only problem is when we talk more than 15-20 min its getting heated.rest of the things are fine.
POS enjoy music and video on this brilliant display that gives you sharp quality all the time.
NEG a good looking in design and camera quality is also not good as it should be.dont buy it hate motorola company.
POS the speakers make the design to look sevier camera clarity also very good.
POS the phone style camera quality and sound quality is very good.
POS low light picture in camera is exteremly good.
POS the camera is truly beautiful considering the price tags.
POS camera is good in both lightning conditions.pics are very clear just let the camera st focus properly.
POS great camera.
POS camera does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.
POS still i am giving it 4 points as other qualities are very good like camera sound etc.
NEG welldone camera.
NEG ->the camera quality is better than what i thought it would be.
POS camera quality is better than the previous generation moto go.
NEG in camera quality.and in user interface 2)doesn't gets heated.like red 1s.
NEG by front camera stopped working and i have to send it to the service center because i understand it is still under warranty.
NEG and coming to camera while taking pick is good and view is also good when i room a little it piles and also when i son them to my pp even can easily fined out pick is violating .and also it becomes over heat when i use camera or play games more than 5 mints i dont know whether i am the one facing this problem or every one .
POS the front camera is very good and the led flash very handy.
NEG camera is not that great.
POS the phone does all i want just as good as any top end phone.it's is fast meaning no annoying delay in running apply the call quality is good audit & video is good photos are actually great as a point n shoot.the camera started could be a had bit faster but as it is its good enough.
POS the front and back camera are very good it feels very comfortable to hold as well.
POS camera a clear win by zenfone and a great photo editor as well in zenfone.
POS front camera also good for selfies.very.photos quality also good.
NEG i am not a camera so excuse me on that front.camera is excellent to say the least.
POS display and camera are good for the budget.
POS camera photo quality is best.
POS camera well i lost interest in phone camera some time ago.front camera was quite decent.
NEG satisfecha con la camera y us altavoces.satisfied with the camera and speakers.
NEG camera pick and video quality is too good.
NEG camera is gud,for a imp.
POS but overall the product is good with good camera internet conductivity and also with a haste free game environment.
NEG cam is better then men 5 when we use clash.
POS the camera is wonderful.
POS first of all about camera back camera is fine but front camera can be seen as ok.
NEG the phone of course has android kitkat.front cam is very good.same canst be said of back camera.played heavy games like asphalt 7 and did not notice any significant hanging.overall a very good proposition at this price.
NEG of you are looking for a phone with a decent camera i would look elsewhere the camera is s*** honestly but if you dont need it then there isn much of a loss.
POS but the phone i received had a problem with camera and ear honest so i asked for a replacement and got it soon than to flipkart for that making it soon and fast.
POS camera quality.
POS last as easy to use as any android phone decent camera and plenty of apes from google play store as can use.
POS camera quality is very nice.the.front camera was amazing.
POS camera is awesome, front cam is also fine 3.
POS camera is little good.
POS audio and video good.
POS good camera fast processing cons.look wise not so good.
POS cam is also good.
NEG need cover otherwise camera lens affected.
POS good phone good features good image good video.
NEG even play 1080p video with ease.
NEG camera is too good.
NEG the help system includes text and how-to video so learning isn all that much of a chorea.
NEG display is like any old tablet and camera is so poor.
POS awesome camera quality.both rear n front.easy zoom.get excellent shot in flash light .
POS awesome features and the camera is good.
NEG supposedly its water proof according to youtube video , him not trying it.
NEG camera clashes after taking 8-10 pick.each time need to start the phone to start the camera again.
NEG 8 meg fixed camera should have come with twin led instead of one.
NEG camera and sound is not so good.
POS superb camera .
NEG camera are pretty good but auto hdr not taking pictures properly.front camera is fine but take some time to adjust focus.
POS its primary camera is also better according to other 8 up camera phone.
POS i was surprised at the quality of the front-facing, or "selfie," camera.
POS camera quality is good for this price range.
POS camera is great.
POS the standard camera does not allow auto flash or flash function and the option keys are hidden on the right side.i download the google camera pp and now it is working fine.
POS very nice one smooth performance west camera quality.
POS dear camera is good sound quality is nice sons user interface not satisfied .
POS good camera both front and back 3.
NEG i configured you-tube and starts playing video.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest adve.
POS camera does wonders in daylight but decent in dim or diffused light.
NEG haven't played too much with the camera but the one photo that i took looks great.
NEG as less speaking i first had problems regarding gui but am having used too.front cam is good and back cam is awesome.
POS really good camera.
POS it is quiet good.but it have hanging problem and its camera quality is very good.camera is in comaparable.but i suggest overall it is good phone.
NEG i have to say i was really impressed with this phone it worked absolute fearlessly and the photos were really good.
POS very good features,awesome camera quality in day and night.easy to play heavy games size games.you can move apes from phone to him cards.
NEG i found this product as i wish,,,,,new camera i love it n for more stuff can add more space,,,,,,no hanging till.new andros 5(lolipop) loin awesome,,,,,,,,,no doubt it was an pain was deal,,,,.
NEG i buy this phone on flipkart.all features are very good but having some problem like whenever we use wife or g network for watching video on couture its.in other phones,online video play smoother without suffering on wife / g network.
POS no word to say about this mobile one of the best budget phone all features are available in this mobile both camera are best video playing is good.
NEG * front camera laws always.
POS another good point is camera.
POS good mobile with good function no network or call drops no hanging camera is good 8mp camera takes nice pictures.
NEG video player and games not installed in this phone the hole thing you dont invest ask to this phone.
NEG but one problem is that you will not like the picture quality as it looks fainted.
NEG camera is great.(8mp) front camera is also not too shabby.
NEG the 720 is now outdated but still works as smooth as any phone but i had to get a phone which had better specie was fluid and could take decent photos if not better.and after reading hundreds of reviews and watching around 20-30 video i had to pick up this phone.that also meant the persons facebook picture gets auto added to the contact profile.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
NEG but some minor features are missing such as voice recorder self time camera and it doesn have other video recording size option only 720p.it doesn support may vi move and some more video formats.the panorama is one thing i found very poor about this phone but still its ease of focusing, lighting and image and video quality makes us forget that.
POS camera quality : moto g and genu beats the first gen by a good margins.
POS i like almost everything but the front camera makes the pictures a bit flurry if you dont hold it still.
NEG even video.i took 468 pick and 9 video.
POS camera is average but is best in the price range.
POS camera is also good him not satisfied with the low light performance thought video is also the same.
POS camera quality is awesome especially its pictures with flash.i didn expect the camera to be so good before buying.
NEG camera struggles at times.
NEG - camera is good with hdr on.- front camera 720p recording.
POS very good camera.
POS very good camera clarity.
POS nice display good camera great design and optimization at its best.
POS its front camera of good clarity for taking selfish.
POS (5" and still perfect camera outstanding.guys click shots during nights and you will amazed to see clarity and flash actually works superb.
POS the best thing about moto g 2 is the camera 8mp primary and 2mp secondary camera and to the surprise the secondary is quite exceptional given its specification.
POS camera quality is very good.
NEG the camera quality is pathetic and pictures taken at night are hardly visible.
POS his phone has decent camera holds good in hand good specification and stock andros experience and there will never be storage issues with external micro sd card slot in and gen which is missing in st men.
NEG solid built economic design good camera loud stereophonic sound strong vibrated mode latest stock android.
NEG too good camera.
NEG good camera with flash with secondary camera 3.camera is good at day time but not so premium at low lights 2.
NEG shone is okay not much storage horrible camera.
POS both camera are good.
NEG are getting optimism which consumed around 10 minutes.in stock keyboard drag feature is nice but can turn caps always button on.real facing works excellent.stock camera is just okay.but google camera compensated it.also stock music player doesn detect many files.but pocket layer does.battery goes well if display is off.
NEG camera not that great yet for this price okay.
NEG only worrying about the 1.52 sar value that means high radiation and sometimes call quality is not good enough , getting hot if you use camera or call for more than 15 mints.
NEG issues regarding his camera quality but not bad suggest people to buy this phone dear.
POS camera is good.
POS very good definition good camera better voice quality than old phone.
POS drowsing is quick leading is intuition and camera is cool.
NEG the phone is also fast and tractable with its morning gorilla glass camera is quite nice and its even better with the help of apes like retract its recommended that one may buy this phone because its perfect for this price !.
NEG the camera is not as good as my desire 500 camera in terms of use and getting shots in focus.i had to download a third party camera pp to help with that.
NEG its awesome but the problem was in the font camera & key section.the front facing camera picture quality is ok but when i press the capture button its not taking the photo immediately it captures the photo after 5-6 seconds.the second problem is very bad response from the volume rocket buttons.
POS everything in this phone is perfect such as display,sound,performance,camera.
POS awesome camera .although it doesn come up with high features but the camera quality is sharp and crisp.
POS love the quality and image of the pictures and video of the camera.
POS camera quality is above average.
POS i am really happy with this material design and decent camera much more.
NEG i am disappointed with the camera thought.
NEG west camera at day light condition.pain camera does not click good pictures at night.
POS it heat up very soon just in calls or picture clinking.
NEG camera stuck many times.
NEG the camera is also awesome.
NEG camera is better but not good.
POS * front cam is good for occasional selfish.
POS camera was awesome.voice quality is very good.
NEG i have been using the product since last 6 months its really awesome.never clashes response is fast camera quality is ok signal reception is best.
POS the 8 up camera does the job very well and also you can download google camera for more features if you are into photography and stuff.
POS camera is terrific and shots great photos.this moto g second generation as gyroscope which the first one didn't.he can take awesome photos sphere pictures with goose camera.
POS glass looks great display vice camera excellent build-quality, great voice quality.
NEG rose i like the camera & talk to me feature while driving & home.
NEG in some of video files audit is not supported.
POS camera clarity is excellent.
NEG even though it has 8mp primary camera picture quality is very poor 5.
POS it has a 8mp primary camera and 2mp secondary camera which is far better when compared with its predecessor.
NEG not too huge and not too small they seem to have improved the camera the display is way beyond expectations for a phone with that fixed density.
NEG camera sons 1.
POS i love the camera .
NEG ism using goose camera.
NEG good clarity of camera with 8mp.secondary camera also very useful for skype.
POS the camera is also good.
NEG jesus phone wont last long front facing camera is good (816 has better camera micro sd card slot pre gen lacked this features improved call and sound quality compared to pre version splash proof coating sons a little bit sluggish after lollipop update primary camera not good in low light earphone round quality is still just average compared to competitors.
POS both camera are decent & does the job.
NEG cost even with two speakers sound is less camera is not too good.
POS the camera is very good real get slr like photo sharp and crisp.
POS fast working camera quality is good.
NEG everything is good except the cam in low light go for it if or phone need to have a premium look and beware u may receive a replaced product from flipkart.
POS camera quality s took nice.
NEG also the video recording is not sanctioning properly.
POS awesome front and back camera.plays 1080 video butter smooth cons: 1.
POS phone with all good features camera is outstanding got this phone in 8099/ in exchange of old phone pp offer 10% less in duc cardthis was very good deal for me.
NEG the primary camera is not working properly.
NEG camera quality is too awesome (panoramic, slur mode flash 3.video clarity is also nice with slow motion recording.
POS price is fine camera is good overall i find it good.
POS camera is good sterno speakers sound fine.
NEG camera s it dat get it decent.
NEG camera is really awsome.
POS plus the sound quality camera quality is also good rather great really amazed to use this phone.
POS excellent phone in this range even it is more faster than galaxy s i was shocked by its super fast response excellent performance but but camera laws a bit nd front camera laws in dim light that the only con that i can figure out of this phone but overall a thumbs up for moto go.
POS camera quality is good both front and back type works very good i recommend this phone for the people who not heavy users of mobile.
NEG camera is bad should improve camera quality.
POS camera is upgrade and reloaded with new features 4.
POS good with internal storage of 16 by as compared to the price the performance of the cell is good.coming to the cam clarity is not good it must be some what better.
NEG the camera is an imp shorter which is a disappointment but i can live with it.i gave it 4 stars because of the camera but wanted to give it 4.75!.
NEG its a good device but within 7 months the camera flash stopped working.
NEG camera quality not good at all.
POS * the rear camera is awesome with some amazing low light capturing abilities.the same can be said for the front camera which produces decent pick.the features included in the camera do full justice.
NEG camera works very good most of the time but some times not as good.
NEG but on camera you have to patients for the sharp shots.
NEG where do i even begin the 8mp snapped is the standout feature of this device can record video in 720p only but that is not a let down images captured are brilliant and very much comparable to a low end dslr.the front cam is just the iting on the cake images are just as good.
NEG camera is mediocre at best.edit: the main concerns is its super slow random deals people.
POS good camera quality,use hdr mode to get colourful pictures.
POS main camera is great secondary camera is so so.
POS 5)the camera is pretty good on the go.
POS by old phone was sluggish at the best of times so even the 2mp front camera on the moto g takes fantastic pictures by comparison.the 8mp camera on the back focused well and takes great pictures for the typical person.of you really want high-quality pictures perhaps you should consider a proper camera but for a phone this does a great job was also pleasantly surprised by the quality of the speakers.
POS one thing i like about the phone is the camera - camera is quite good.
NEG camera 5/5 impressive photos in low light.
POS > camera : 8mp dear & 2mp front camera both are excellent.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
NEG can play full he video without errors sons 1.
NEG camera i did not like the camera pp of moto go.
NEG the 2 things i hated most for this device door camera quality images are so noisy that even samsung's 5 up camera is better.
POS the result of main camera is awsm.front camera of 2 up is satisfactory.
NEG camera download goose camera and use it i am telling you you are gone be surprised with the qualities of the photos even with the 2mp.i clicked all my farewell photos with it and the photos were much better than my bony cybershot's 14mp camera.
NEG whenever i use the camera it heat instantly.
NEG the camera is not having more option like white balance night mode and time etc which is really frustrating.i do not know what is the use of having 8 meg fixed camera.
POS really nice phone having great display quality great camera quality.not only primary camera secondary camera is also great.
NEG it never gets handed while playing games online video or any other applications.there are some reviews that moto and men is being hot while playing games or online video but in my case it is not happened.
NEG camera quality is not good as it is in foka lucia (>10 k ranges its taking long time to charge full (approx 6 hours which is not good at all.
NEG camera quality needs a lot improvement.
NEG the only problem is booming in an out of the camera - that actually trouble some.
NEG zenfone 5 has better camera than this one.the mid camera is very good.zenfone 5 has better camera than this one.the mid camera is very good.
NEG camera sons 1.
POS camera is amazing.
POS that said that makes watching video n reading a pleasure.
NEG i am not a hard core camera.the camera are pretty decent.i am a self adduct and the front cam works well for me.a special feature is the "slomo" allows you to record video in slow motion.
POS camera is okay.
POS happy with the improved camera & sound system.
NEG front camera is good.upper area around the camera hardware.but i am 100% sure that motorola / google will fix this camera and conductivity problems.
POS the is delighted at the camera.
POS best phone in its price range best camera best sound best video quality i have no regret buying this phone.
POS so i searched for a dual him good front&back cam value for money hands then i bought this.
NEG (little visibility loss when tilting.but ok)// camera - my best timepass is photography.i am impressed by moto guns camera.
NEG heavy weight speakers little bit issue but doesn matters good camera quality.
POS really nice product and worth for money and good performance the extra ordinary camera it has pus go for it.
POS the camera takes good pictures and video.the kindle pp functions great and i get my sports scores and the weather occasionally watch video and listen to music.
NEG camera:average there are much better option available.
NEG the only thing is the camera is not good enough but considering its low prices still want to give it five stars.
NEG must awesome phone at these price range camera clarity is good sound clarity also but phone laws during heavy use because go of ram.
NEG dear camera is good but front camera is not offering 2 meg pipes quality.rear camera picture quality.
NEG although front camera is only imp still it is better than any other imp camera of companies like myxo.
POS but if you are a camera lover and want to take good shots with your rear camera i would not recommend this smartphone.leaving its camera everything else is good.
POS would recommend to people looking for good front camera quality .
POS * camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfish.
POS i had just started using it.one word.its awesome.superfast speed.user friendly touch.easy to carry and sharp camera while taking pictures.
POS camera and video quality is good.
POS i liked this phone as it is worth buying and fast in processing as well as latest version with high pipes image quality camera and pre installed apes and last but not the least very user friendly.
POS picture quality sound quality also good overall motto go is very good mobile in its price.its a value for money.
NEG the 8mp camera is lawless.
NEG camera 4.
NEG i like the camera resolution and the sound quality.
POS camera is very good n clear.front cam is great.
POS camera is a surprise package.
NEG the delivery by flipkart was quick but i got a defective mobile the front camera laws.
POS camera is good.as far as i concerned , this phone is a very good phone.
POS awesome clarity of camera.
NEG i had a delivery on may with , after delivery i switched on the cell phone and there it goes camera is not working lay store not working and callender.
POS camera quality is superb as compare to other imp camera.
POS drowsing and reading web pages looks sharp and the video looks sharp as well.the rear camera is good and taking pictures is fun with this phone but do not expect something close to high end smarthphone.4 starsfront camera 2 starsrear camera.
POS west quality shone at competitive price , good features , high definition camera adds more advantage in product.
NEG front camera is too good for making video calls.it captures every details and the video looks realistic on the receiving device.i rarely use the phone for taking photos so camera is not a concern for me.but after seeing some of the shots i captured.it seemed very good.specially autofocus is very good.the camera features panorama mode continuous shots just keep tapping.
NEG front camera could have been improved 4.
NEG you can see video up to 9 hours 4)good web browsing 5)music is clear 6)wallpaper setting is good 7)lollipop is running smoothly without any problems.
POS rose very stylish mobile display is awesome camera is superb for its price round is up to the mark sons it automatically switches off.
NEG i can push it to around 3-4 days on a single charge possibly more if i dont play any games or watch video.
POS with a awesome 8mp camera.its camera is wayyyyy better than sony or samson imp camera .still the best in the price range dont believe on happy imp camera of spice and other bands which costs just 8000 bucks .
NEG unable to set photos from facebook to contact list.
POS camera is fine.
NEG the camera is very clear .the display is very bright.all the things in this phone is good but except front camera because when us click pick with front cam in low lighting then its looks like baggy but in decent lighting the camera doesn last.
POS also camera pick look crisp and deep.
POS else it is one of the best phone to buy in the market and the camera too is amazing both front and read).
POS 8 up camera is wonderful.
POS camera quality is good.
NEG first phone received noticed a bubble formation on camera lens there was no plastic cover over the lens.
POS i used this phone this is very nice phone better camera quality sound is good nice display quality.
POS front camera is get.camera front and back and sterno impressed me 3.
POS very fast delivery by flipkart good camera vice built quality very good display it of overhearing during gazing besides that best phone.
NEG the front facing camera is awesome in light as well as dark low light or with flash 7.
NEG back camera is god in daylight but fails in low light.front camera is good for making type calls.
POS excellent phone in terms of its very fast performance camera perfect night compared to other tears in the same range .
POS excellent camera 2.
NEG 720p video look awesome.camera recent enough.
POS camera does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.
POS i will not go in technical details but its display color recreation & video output is really good.specially camera of moto g is awesome & it can capture good details in day light but you will observe a little noise in night shots.that said this is a decent device with middle banking specification and a camera that just ok for casual photography.
NEG most features are in the phone except the video call facility.
NEG vice camera for an everyman.
POS very good camera quality both front and back.
POS great phone for the prices really fast and excellent camera.
NEG mobile is just a brilliant in all fields speedy camera quality is too good voice also clear it were is only pre crack on back panel.
POS middle class people budget phone & features is good camera is excellent & front camera & flashlight & internet browsing is excellent.
NEG , oddly it didn live unto my expectations apart from the size and cam upgrade the phone doesn live unto its predecessor those whole bought the st men will surely notice the diferrence.
POS totally worth the buy great speck and amazing camera for the prices.
POS superb phone with great camera quality user interface is so good.
POS but for ordinary usage music social medial calling a few moves a few games video etc its good enough.
POS please dont go for it camera quality is better but front camera is not unto the mark.
NEG camera is ok but not match photo quality with redmi.so i will be advise please dont purchase this.totally money waste of this kind of mobile.if flipkart will back my 70% money i would be happy.
NEG motorola has compromised a few area to make it available at this price and hence the display and camera isn as expected.
NEG camera i must say that it is the thing which makes me wonder.because i heard reviews before i order.to i knew that it has a very optimized and cool camera with flash.
POS camera quality is good interface and user experience is also nice and much better than the other similar honest.
NEG his is a must shone for buyer who personally want dear good music and take good photos from their bones in this price !!!.and one more things camera is very poor.
NEG - slo-mo feature in video mode - which i think no other brand offers within this price range - will get all least 1 more update from google - feels nice to hold due to the matter finish rear panel - support and service will be better than all other chinese competitors - dear snapped click some awesome snap in daylight.
NEG oh one more thing camera too has issues it says 13 megapixel but the photos are poor and gets blur at corner.
NEG however the camera pp doesn have an actual button to press like other honest.
POS best in camera editing videos&photos.
POS camera is very good.
NEG camera quality is relatively poor.
NEG front camera is excellent.dear cam of 8mp is average took.front cam is not wide enough to include more people but picture quality is good.to 1080 video recording 5.
NEG pretty good rear facing my camera with flash.also has a front facing camera but i have not used it.
NEG camera is too good.
POS good camera quality 2.
NEG even you stop a video and place your phone near ear there is a strange sound coming from the above speaker.
NEG camera's the only thing that lackluster.
NEG from there on words other problem comes in to the picture.
NEG camera is mediocre, yet amazing hence the price tags includes an sd card slot for all you music cries and anti-clouders (jk.).
NEG i even tried type calling from this phone and the video quality was unto my expectations.
POS camera is decent good enough for fb/whatsapp).
POS moto g perfect for multi user in andros lolipop perfect camera as compare to other 8 up camera front facing camera also good moto provide update unto 18 month from launching of date shalt 8 and dead trigger 2 game also run smoothly.
POS camera is good ram is enough but can play even games smoothly like deer hunter 50mb).
POS it has everything that i wanted a big display good camera pure andros experience and guaranteed upgrades.
POS camera good.
POS 4 camera is also impressive video quality is also good .
POS performance wise its good camera is also good.
NEG i have been using this phone about last one month,its picture quality video recording sterno sound and all other performances are excellent.the.
NEG reached all my expectations,the awestruck element are it weight and rear cam.
POS camera quality is good.
POS of you are a self lover must get this phone front cam is the best among all phone tested till now in this range.
NEG only camera is little poor than others call recording feature not available.
POS the performance however was good enough for me and the camera is pretty good for my usage.
POS picture quality is satisfactory.
NEG for camera quality i give 2 star only.
POS i highly recommend the goose camera over the stock one but it is a matter of taste.battery life is awesome.
NEG i can see lot of pipes in the camera it was no there in the original item.***updated for a month*** his phone is working fine with great camera clarity with camera 360 application.rose vice display good clarity of both the camera for less price you'll get branded mobile moto and nexus are the phone which gets pure stock andros and andros updated.
POS rose good camera quality.
POS camera quality is awesome.
NEG to last the smooth with which the phone functions and the camera.
NEG anyway this behavior didn really surprise me and i would expect that on other phones.if there is one drawback that i see with the phone it is that the camera is slow or finicky to focus.i am getting better at using it at first many photos i took were slightly blurred.but the camera is still ok, and i take plenty of pictures with it it was just a stumbling block at first.undoubtedly the $600 phone have better camera or rousing logic but him not willing to shell out that much for a slightly better camera.for what him getting and for the price i paid i think this is the best deal going.
POS camera - supervise front camera - 2 megapiels best for self i had ever seen sound - 7 out of 10 very smooth & comfortable 2 use morning gorilla glass 3 i m totally satisfied after getting my moto g and gen.) & thank u so much to flipkart 4 fast delivery.
POS nice camera quality.
POS the front and rear camera are really good.
POS this phone is very good in all issues i will give 5 out of 4 for this phone,but in this mobile stand by time is less its need a powerbank,but all of the camera quality and display all things are good.
NEG the imp rear camera is.okay.
POS otherwise the mobile seems to be good and has an excellent camera for its prices.
POS camera clarity is very good.
POS very good camera and good sound due to front speakers.
POS both front and are picture quality is very good and bright.music and video clarity is awesome.
NEG camera n other features are aweome.
POS camera quality of both the camps is awesome .
NEG by camera got stuck with flash on !.and icon for camera was off the well phone !.
POS picture clarity has improved by a huge margin.the.imp camera is way better than the imp camera of the moto even the front camera is now better.so full marks to motorola for improving the camera.
POS this is a very good mobile & camera quality is too good.
NEG for watching video or reading ebooks it seems to be just right.- the 8 up camera is decent.the camera interface is also surprisingly simple.i am yet to try the camera in different light settings but indoor shots till now have been good enough.the video recording is 720p and can also be done in slow motion.you will enjoy making slow motion video on the phone.you can also take photos while recording the video.- to external camera button something i miss coming from the gumma family of honest.
NEG camera camera has issues.you have to start the phone and start camera pp to turn off the flash.i dont believe camera issue is hardware one an update might fix it no updated yet.
NEG camera: affront camera-this is the best thing about this phone.the 8 map camera works better than 12 map camera of other indian bands like micromax etc.personal suggestion download and use google camera pp instead of built camera pp.front camera 2 m.p.it is also good for taking selfish.
POS great features camera is also world class.
NEG but i do not know if we were unlucky we got a phone with camera not working.
NEG the camera is nice the phone design is cool and it looks resistant to falls the only small complain i have is that is a bit big for me but the phone itself its nice.
NEG camera is fast 6.camera is not great in night/dull light.
POS in ask an smartphone all such features and amazing camera quality and amazing loud sound quality is a huge benefit.
NEG i bought moto g and version 3 days ago and now there is front cam problems.whenever i open it says camera error and gets off.
POS camera quality is good but sometimes it stop working.
POS picture quality is good.
POS the sound is clear the photos are tuning.
POS his is the best phone that you can buy in the money offered thou it is not a great camera phone but i would still rate it 7/10 in that field.
POS camera is good.
NEG certainly it has few cost camera performance is very poor round quality is not crisp as you expect.
NEG after buying this phone i do not know where my digital camera is.
POS camera quality is good and works on type calls.
POS its super fast and has an excellent camera.
NEG the htc's front facing camera was only 1.3mp, as well as the fact that the camera was situated so close to the screens edge that dust got into the phone and onto the lens so pictures were very dull and flurry.
NEG camera=9/10 display=9.5/10.
NEG only thing i wish was better was the picture quality that why i give it 4 stars but its to be expected for prices.
NEG average camera 4.
POS awesome picture quality.micro sd slot and dual micro him front facing camera is average.it it would be one step satisfactory if full he being supported by this device it its ok camera 8mp is very nice and the front cam also i will give 9 upon 10.
POS it also has a good imp camera considering its under 200 bucks.
NEG display and camera is superb.the.
POS camera quality is good.
POS excellent camera which is a marked improvement over st edition which i purchased for my daughter.to stopped carrying my camera.
POS it is a good purchase good camera quality,performance is good,only problem with this set it takes unto 3 hours to charge.
POS bones video camera is good but not great.
POS its camera is fine for he recording.
POS the only thing i wish was better is the camera but it is still pretty good.
NEG camera it has a decent camera for the money you are paying.
POS 16gb internal and the sd card slot makes the phone a really good option for people who carry heavy amount of music video and moves.
NEG camera is average not so good in night.
POS both front and rare camera are okay good to get at this prices.
POS best ever class camera best handling 4.
POS the camera is great & the reception is great took.
POS quality of pictures and video is great.
POS small concern is camera when you take still most of the time blurred image is the outcome.
POS it comes with latest android 5.0 was good camera also.
POS the camera quality is great front facing is also not bad works excellent in day light.
POS display sound and camera are also good but not great.
POS internet surging and playing youtube video is smooth.camera is also good.
NEG imp camera is same as my grand neo imp camera.slow motion video is super.
POS camera quality and sound quality is excellent.
NEG camera up is like lumia's 5mp.but front camera of up is good.
POS camera is medium.
NEG everything is fine while charging keyboard wont work properly.it gets struck r get closed.there it imitates up sometimes phone is hanged out.we have to switch it off n then on again camera is very nice.
NEG father me surprising why the company does not given a may format video support or some other popular .any expert among you people have any idea to make this compatible with these like formats to run the video.
POS camera are good display storage design all are god.
POS everything from voice call music player camera web browsing seems enjoyable.
NEG vice camera & descent display.
POS camera works perfectly 5.
NEG camera is pretty bad thought especially in low lighting.
NEG camera is very good.no complaints.
NEG both front and rear camera clicked awesome pictures even in low light.
POS camera quality of rare is good.
NEG camera could have been better.
NEG more than useful camera and video recording.
NEG images video games .
POS camera take good photo front speaker sounds amazing.
NEG can do video call for minutes not hanging even with multiple applications.
POS his is an awesome piece,camera is good with 8mp.
NEG the front facing speakers are a huge plus if you watch video or your phone as you no longer have to cup your hand around the back of the phone to reflect the sound towards your face.his also brings around an advantage if you use the speakers to play music since you no longer have to put the phone face down for the sound to remain unmuffled.the camera are also a huge improvement.the previous front facing camera (ffc) was very splotchy and muddy.the new ffc honestly feels like its better than the rear facing camera on the first genu.although i didn use the rear camera on the first gen very often the one in this phone seems to have better color reproduction and dynamic range.to put the camera upgrade into perspective its roughly like going from an shone 4 to an shone 5.
POS great phone great camera best in this price range.
POS love the camera display and the overall experience.
NEG some of the problems i found out is with the camera the camera quality is not worthy.
POS camera clarity - ecxellent.
NEG i am using this phone from 10 days.for 2 days,its working properly.then,camera started showing problems.when.i opened the camera,its displaying camera unable to start,if this continues start your phone".
NEG camera quality is average.
NEG everything works fine except for the front-facing camera.the camera pp doesn detect it have tried rebooting, going to safe mode but the option doesn appears no matter what.to in stuck to rear facing camera.
POS very sturdy with a stylish tinge damages by f camera are very sharp and pleasant to watch an be a good gift for your parents sons minor stitches in calendar app.
POS build quality is decent with nice camera at front and back price could have been bit lower comparing to other models available in market with higher specification.
POS camera is actually waaaay better than some reviews make it out to be.
POS front camera is average.gros dear camera is very good.
NEG it is good phone but some common problems are there which irritate the camera is awesome,speakers are not bad.
NEG the only thing i didn particularly care for was the 8gb of space which fills up quickly but its made me keep my picture gallery curate.using dropbox i just turn on the camera unload feature and delete the older six that i dont need immediately present on my device.
NEG have seen couture video saying you may get more bandwidth on t-mobile with hspa+ than an overloaded at&t lte network.
POS camera.doeant work wonders.but good enough for or average series and photos the front speakers hate this new design.the old moto g looked more solid due to their absence.result:if u are looking for a phone that u can upgrade to lollipop, that has got a decent camera and looks nice then go for it.
NEG 4 the video recording are very clear and descriptive.
POS the camera on this phone are great plus you get guaranteed andros updated for 18 months so pretty much as soon as you open the box you are able to update to lollipop.
POS right camera not so impressive but in day its fabulous what i felt.
POS the camera are decent.
POS camera is good.
POS awesome sound quality and camera took loved it.
POS 5 inch ips display which produce very high quality images and video with 720p.
NEG dear flipkart the problem of this device camera and network issues has been already complained to you but we didn got the right solution to operate my mobile without any problems.
POS it has a decent primary camera.
POS **camera: does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.**8mp camera takes amazing pictures.
POS camera is also good.
POS camera is very good for this prices.
POS it sounds and raptures moment as it should has got sterno speakers in front and has got one of the best camera amongst the similar prices honest.
NEG 3)overheating takes place during taking photographs video shooting playing james on this mobile.
POS good one in this range video quality also awesome with imp good one for replacement i m using moto g nice one product after all a long time i like this set.
NEG dont had 1080p video recording.taking.officially it was moto g2.but we can say it as room heater,iron box,water heater,suicide weapon.if we use 10 mints for call , camera , net , games etc it become a burned irons.
NEG low quality camera.some times it shows camera is not working try again after some time(3/10) speakers are average(6/10) 5.
NEG and moto g is rocking get display get handling and camera is too good.
POS the camera is awesome with great picture quality.
NEG i have all my stuff in it pictures video contact etc that haven backed up yet.
POS fantastic one from motorola one of eye snapping devices in the present market the best thing to say from the device is camera and looking toooooo goooddddd i doesn observed any drawback from the device overall i can say the build quality is very good device is looking great.
NEG used this phone for days everything is smooth camera is great games work perfectly n stock andros experience is awesum.
POS good product to buy.battery is ok.in-built storage is amazing to say the least.speed of operations is great.both front & rear camera are excellent.only catch is sound volume is very high.people around you can hear what you are saying over the phone to summarise great purchase as a budget phone on android platform.
POS the camera with 8 megapixel is really amazing for both pictures and video.
POS took lots of pictures and video and they were amazing.
POS the camera is beautiful as well and has lovely settings.
NEG camera both camera are nice though the led flash is an led flash wont light up the whole room.
POS superb display , good camera , vice audit video playing capability web browsing is good experience.
NEG i haven been able to test low light picture quality.
POS * camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfish.
NEG camera focus it just does not work.
POS camera is also quite good and pictures taken are quite clear and vivid.
NEG better-than-expected camera.
POS i m using this phone since feb the phone is good with andros lolipop update its has good camera quality nd its never hangs.
POS camera quality is also good.
POS camera quality is good.
POS camera ,display,performance is excellent.
NEG camera sometimes gets hanged and asked for reboot.
POS and camera is really good.
NEG camera is so.so bad .you using camera very often .
POS incredible phone it has excellent performance it works very fast and the camera is great.
POS delighted with this very good fast , good camera equipment excellent recommended 100% .
NEG moto g have a nice 8 up camera .
NEG camera takes great pick inside in direct sunlight the photos are a had overexposed but this is very nitpicky.
NEG i am much attracted with camera clarity with this prices google product never fails.
NEG it is not possible to take calls immediately after using the camera as it is not possible to keep it near ears.
NEG it runs absolutely smooth and runs games video with no issues whatsoever.
POS * only one go ram for ask is less camera clarity is outstanding clarity both front and back gorilla glass is superb.
POS the 8 megapixel camera does its job well.
NEG camera picture quality is ok.video is ok.picture and video better under sunlight.
POS good looking picture quality is amazing good phone with best features in best price west phone from moto in good price definitely a good mobile to buy.
NEG except camera nothing is there in this phone.
NEG to switch off the flash need to start the mobile and open the camera pp.> cry to place some piece of paper which had some text in it and put the paper very close to camera.to switch off the flash need to start the mobile and open the camera pp.
NEG i did not play games,although i watched roughly 30 minutes of video and made a couple 20+ minutes phone calls.
POS front speakers are nice upgrade couture video and calls on speaker sound crisp and clear.
POS nice camera.16 go is must now a days.
NEG the front shorter of the device is ok for all your video calls and self but the images from the rear shorter are quite dull and lacks smoothness the dual firing speakers provide decent sound quality and are quite loud.
POS the phone has a very good camera at both front and back and the performance is also good.
POS camera quality is awesome in bright light.
NEG gros : in compression to moto g , moto g gen has up primary camera , 2 up secondary camera .
NEG camera perform descend @ day light but and perform poor @ low light.
POS very good camera quality both front and back.quality of video are really good.very good camera.
NEG the camera quality(do not go with resolutions only is definitely a big plus over its st men 5.camera quality is good.camera is good.
NEG video posted is the proof.
POS the camera is good not the best one out there and keeps the pictures looking natural.of u r a camera all just fall in love with the performance of this phone.
POS good camera.
NEG but i think camera quality is not so good as imp stranded.
NEG video calling and surging net is awesome .
NEG i played video using youtube, mostly 1080p video they looked awesome on this display.
NEG i received moto g and gen.but the received piece not in good condition(camera flash not working i raised complaint but i didn get resonance please respond immediately.
POS camera very good in outdoor as well good in indoor but not like outdoor performance in terms of focus and quality),indoor noise you'll find in the pick.front cam is decent to take selfish.
NEG the cam clarity is too gud.
POS the only thing that better in the and gen is the camera and that it.prose good camera.the secondary camera (2mp) is also good for taking selfish.
POS the best thing that i liked about the cell phone is the two camera which when put into hdr render amazing results.
POS the camera is superb.
NEG camera quality almost same.
NEG found that the front cam display is having problems.
NEG defect piece mobile is getting over heated while using the flash light & camera).
POS picture quality good camera best in class.
NEG there is click sound when ever you exit the camera pp 3.
NEG did only basic things like used camera went through gallery.
POS camera does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.
NEG camera is better than expected.
POS camera is fine .
NEG the mobile sound,camera and all other function as per specification given.
POS the camera music player and all are pretty good.the camera intact is pretty impressive for a point and shoot and portrait photography.
NEG you flipkart.nice camera display speakers.head set could be better.
NEG i do have to say the if on this phone extends much further on this phone than my m7, so i was extremely happy about that!camera: not an expert on the camera.from professional reviews there are better camera out there but to me it seems good enough for me who rarely takes many photo.
NEG the camera are also very good.the front camera is much better than expected for 2mp i was confused before which phone to buy.
POS camera quality best in class.
POS for mobile i will it is good phone as i played many big game no last great display and camera is also good.camera is also ok but not so great in night.
POS camera is ok but good for that prices.
POS very good viewing display angles great display good sound clear camera best for price.
NEG camera clarity good.over camera flash poor.
NEG slow motion video shoot frame rate is good 9.2.8mp camera should be more better 3.
POS camera quality is really 8mp.
NEG budget phone games should still look elsewhere.camera: 8/10the camera are very much in line with what you expect at this prices.oddly enough the imp main camera looks a bit barrier than expected while the imp "selfie" camera actually looks better than expected.they both seem to meet in the middle roughly watching the imp camera in sharpness in my shield tablet.
NEG camera is great but autofocus is a bit s***e.
NEG i just received the mobile at 1 pmb the design is god and the camera is awesome.
POS i am happy with this products that 8 up camera does the job well.
NEG moto should start giving better camera or it will have an issue in the long run.
POS the camera is the best i have ever seen in a phone and they are always fighting over who will take the pictures.
NEG very nice telephone for the money that it cost but the camera fail.
POS camera - the clarity of the primary camera is really good for 8 mp.
POS good handling good camera even during night.
NEG regarding the specification everybody,am not going to in detail about them its camera quality is good.it'll take decent pick.
POS great sound impress with color display and even camera also.
NEG camera quality is good but it doesn room more than 4x.to video booming also.
NEG his phone seems to be a good one in term of its look , the touchscreen camera everything seems to be fine but it doesnt't have a file manager which was really a silly thing to miss on a smart phone.
NEG camera.only a fool would say that the camera quality is very good.
POS it has good camera clarity which has 8mp, photos quality is very good.front camera is also good and has good clarity.
POS camera picture quality is good.
NEG took & feel > the 2 speaker strips in my humble opinion actually give a pretty good look to the phone.at times it did confuse me though about the the orientation of the phone as it looks same from both ends except for the front cam on top.lol but that nothing to worry about.camera > i love the camera on this phone though takes a bit of to do for getting used to it after that it takes great pick even who compared to other 8mp came such as that of nexus 5.> also the sacro pick taken from this cam have pretty amazing clarity from almost 1-2 inch distance.
POS camera pick and video quality is very very good.
POS camera is decent.
NEG camera is too awesome.
POS rose excellent camera.stills and video both are captured well.
NEG * to conference all & video all option * not useful for business person.
NEG maybe if i am running too many apes and want to switch from goose play to camera.i dont use the camera much.
POS very good front nd back camera 2.
NEG in many webster they have written that it supports 1080p video for playback but it does not.even 2mp camera for self is kind of ok.
NEG there is a problem with camera.
NEG west is round camera and mind blowing unable body.
POS the camera is good,lloks good overall good mobile.
POS great for watching video.waiting for lollypop 5.0 camera recent camera.
POS good camera quality.
POS good features and camera clarity is awesome.
NEG worst thing about this mobile is that it gets heated up even if you download few apes or a video.camera isn great either.photos under low light really suck.
NEG i have tried holding it for longer times too but the same thing happens yet it does not turn on watched you tube video for doing so.
NEG vice packing by flipkart vice cell phone nice camera clarity sterno sound rocks.
POS have good performance when using internet and good with video call.
POS camera quality is good.
POS the sound quality when i receive calls could be better.on a positive note: the device is excellent for photos and video as long as you plan to plug it and charge frequently.
POS the video quality on the moto go was good.the new moto go feels really good to hold in hand and feels lighter.the camera is pretty good on the g2.sound quality is pretty good on the moto go.
NEG front and face camera have a better quality than my nexus in my opinion.
NEG the camera is good for photo but the video auto-focus gets a little missed up sometimes.
NEG hello if u are planning to buy this phone,surely go for it one of the best on earth,its an success of motorola company,great looks,beauty camera clearity,great multitasking,lollypop works awesome gives you a out of the world feeling,also morning gorilla best hardware in the phone,display was good,but lacking on charged not getting as earlier.
POS camera is to fine.
POS camera quality is good.
POS otherwise its the best phone out there rose outstanding camera letter battery-lasts for at least a day while using internet.west phone for normal day to day use if you are not a camera.
POS cam clarity is excellent 4.
NEG but the downfall,the camera.
NEG for example the phone camera is pretty good but adding goose camera from the playstore adds a bunch of cool features.overall, if your used to android this phone wont knock your socks off and its nothing fancy to look at but it does gain a considerable edge with android 5 and is a reliable phone.
NEG photos were much better than the htc insight.
NEG good display but the camera is not up to expectation .
POS * economical * camera quality is super both primary & secondary.
NEG it gets a bit hot at times and camera has more to be desired.
NEG in the process i wasted almost 3 days watching video reviews tying constantly before settling for mi4i.
POS display quality camera performance etc are good.but if video data and apes are used extensively power bank is a must.
POS picture quality also is decent.
POS its is just amazing to click photos and very convenient to record video and click selfish.back camera looks safe as it is almost at edges.
NEG i used mobile for calls photos and internet.
POS this is one of the best phone i have used every it has just a 8mp camera but its better than so called 10-13mp of inndian-china.
POS and feels soon good in hands and also makes you updated with every version like it has got the lollipop version camera is super good when using google camera pp .
NEG been using this phone for over a day now rose 1)brilliant display 2)awesome camera 3)smooth performance 4)great value for money 5)feels really good in your hand 6)motorola migrate got the phone ready to roll in 5 minutes from my old samsung.
POS the camera is excellent and the performance is superb.eventhough flipkart took some time to deliver they are doing good with the offers.
NEG the camera quality is satisfactory however i would have preferred it be of a higher resolution.
POS to for the ultimate moto go this phone has got all superb looks amazing performance stunning display easy to hold camera is good premium in looks.
NEG also all the photo video and music files got crashed due to system error.
NEG the camera performance is extreme.
POS 8mp camera works grew 4.
POS round quality can be improved camera is good.
POS the phone size and camera quality is good.
NEG picture and sound clarity is not as great as sonya.
NEG a i got my replacement but in this mobile it is not showing the front camera option so what is the problem why is this happening to me.
NEG worst camera quality i ever found in this branded phone.automatic network selection not working video recording very poor quality.
NEG 5-although it has given a up camera but the picture quality is worst than nikita up / samson 5mp/ sony3mp camera.
POS camera are good pictures taken are neat and vivid.
NEG camera is also great but i feel some problem in low light but its awesome in light its focus is brilliant,flash is also not so bright as compared to other like samsung, sony,etc.front camera is awesome very clear pictures even in low light.
NEG its camera is awesome!.
POS 8mp camera liked most 5.
NEG and gen camera is camp but st gen is 5 may.but there is no improvement in picture quality.
POS it is good to view video.
NEG i was little concerned about camera result but its perfect.
NEG cam is not much impressive have to charge fully once in and half day.
POS camera is good.
POS the camera of the device is awesome, the focus control and other features simply love it.
POS a good phone with great camera and performance.
POS i have used this product about 3 months and finally argued that the moto g (2nd) works like a civilized beast in this category the camera is undoubtedly good .
POS its a very good phone ever i had used so far.awesome camera .
NEG camera has a last it hangs for 1 min after each click.
POS it works good camera and other future working smoothly after i got the immediately i have updated my phone to holy pop version,,,,,,,,,,,,,its amazing.
NEG when u r using camera games and internet.
POS picture quality is very nice.
NEG d pen in god its camera in just as i led it .
NEG phone design is very bad and camera is too bad.photos.that are taken by lenovoa7000 much better than the photos taken by moto rear camera.
NEG camera quality poor in low light settings.camera quality excellent in day light setting.while shooting video photos can also be taken.
POS camera quality is good.
NEG now light camera performance.
POS recent phone nice display good to hold good sound clarity great camera with slow motion video.
POS i especially like the camera picture quality and the generally good response.
NEG camera is oka not good for low lighting.
NEG i have ordered as 2 month moto go mobile before in the flipkart which has the worst camera clarity compared to the same mobile brought by friend after a month and the prices of is breaking up to the core and the charge storage capacity and i am ordinary man belonging to poor family and i have wasted my money on trusting this website.and i am totally disappointed of its services and i am totally hunted up to the corner.
POS camera does a decent job in indoor and outdoor.
NEG good camera 3.
NEG excellent mobile with lots of features good camera quality supported andros 5 but i notice many problem in this phone after upgrade to andros 5 phone hangs many time slow performance eat act.
NEG the camera is great.the front and back camera is giving satisfactory pictures in low light also.
NEG front cam also takes clean and bright images.good fr selfies.#but the camera pp is very buggy.idea when seeing a video or hearing songs when browsing.
POS the is on it every day looking at facebook and playing video.the picture is amazing and so is the sound.it takes good pictures and video and is easy to use.
POS the best thing is the camera which is unto the expectations.
NEG some phone , nice camera value for money sound is good using it since 5 months,,,no problem till now upgrade automatically.must buy.
NEG camera-shoots good photos,hdr, panorama has a time as well shoots 720p video and slow motion video as well and not 1080p as some other pp mentioned.
POS the camera is awesome, and i have installed 'camera360 pp which makes good use of the camera.
NEG the camera quality is way way way way way way .the front facing camera is decent with a 2 may.the video resolution is hd.
NEG selected my photos accidently . . .
NEG i have been using since 20 days as i observe that whenever i switched on camera or video camera or when i play video it gets heated.
POS oh & yes the camera is better.
NEG camera doesn work.keeps asking to start camera.
NEG > camera is awesome, try with google camera.
POS camera it has 8 up primary camera that produces great detailed images and good colors.
NEG sons camera could have been better picture quality not that great in low light.
POS camera & sound quality good value for money.
POS very good camera sound quality.
NEG of you use it watch video or download music ( this is the , it will detect from your main balance and empty your balance.
NEG letter than us zenfone5.primary and secondary camera quality is also good.must go for this if looking for a phone under 14k.
NEG i was surprised with the camera it is just awesome.
NEG camera quality is bad in low light.
POS its really a amazing product its camera , flash , display , ----------------- ver very good sound -------------very good thnxx flipkart.
POS camera is good even in low light situation.
NEG and regular/good camera.
NEG the only reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5 is because of the front and back camera.
POS supportive hands with good display but off late it had started hanging for few seconds over all sound quality camera and robustness is good with pretty feature and is price worth.
NEG i'm not much of a photo so i dont have much to say about the camera.it takes video in only 720p, and the video quality seems pretty lousy.i'm on the fence about the size of this phone.
NEG video calls hangs or are not clear.camera is good thought.
POS the camera also takes really good pictures.
NEG awesome rear and front camera.some pp said that camera is not unto the mark.
POS camera is not excellent but is real good for regular usage.
NEG camera is awesome, slow mo 720p is perfect.dual speakers are same if you set on high volume sound will crack but set it on 80% i have used only for 24hr i will update after every one week month and six months just to help some of my fellow out there who are reading and get confused about what to buy in budget range cause budget is big thing for us 5 stars for phone display,camera.
POS camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfish.
NEG build quality,good camera,little lags.very.good camera but average battery.overall.
POS the camera is also high quality.
POS camera quality is very good & all features is very nice.
POS some important point camera quality is very good as compare to other phone like yu-yureka & other.
POS nice camera quality 2.
POS i am happy with this products its camera quality is superb in dim light and processing is good even i used to play 2.50gb game in it and its working fine without any lagging.
POS i must say the camera is superb and can outnumbered many dig came.
POS this phone is perfect for me , i get 5 inches display for more comfortable browsing , well built body for my rough usage and good camera for series , the best part is the its prices.
NEG i already have moto g first gen and after it i buy and gen good phone nice camera , good build quality but pus take care from water my first phone damage just be of few drops of water.
POS by home search found an excellent phone with a good cost performance peaceable a great camera if not a great camera that many meg fixed if not that they dont really take sharp photos and daytime hermozas the low light or with it and i got this phone fall in love with its simplicity and minimalism of his fluids and rapides, for me it is important to be smooth and fast.i compare like shone camera no truth in june much difference need not spend a lot if you want a good telefeno so soon.
POS imp camera is also captures best of our memories.
POS both rear n front camera pick have good quality.
NEG by daughter uses the phone more as a camera than a phone and this is better than her nexus 4.
NEG its a budget phone with all features prose video clarity arterio speakers are good sons charging is not that much good camera is not great in night time with flash.
NEG though i have not used it much till now co of micro him issue but i loved the display and camera quality.
NEG front camera is however a bit slow i feel.
NEG never hangs good camera plays heavy games well.
NEG issue number2: i have just 6 video on gallery if try to play them it comes up with the message video problem canst play this video on clinking oka the video starts playing.
POS great camera both front and rear fast in opening apes and all.
POS great 8mp primary camera for stills and 2mp secondary camera.the camera perform very well in low lit conditions.overall the camera is great for stills.
POS camera quality si also not great and picture is usually blurred.
NEG vice phone from google.i love it specially it camera quality and very fast delivery.i will advice to go for it if you want to phone under 10000.
NEG n rear front facing camera 2 up is also good.(not a great camera user still you can check other reviews you.ll.find good reviews about camera.
NEG camera is 0/10 2.video rec 0/10 3.video play 4/10 5.
NEG camera is not good.
POS camera quality is very good.
NEG dear and front cam quality is pretty nice.you can also download google cam pp for better enhancements.
POS very good camera for the prices.the camera sometimes hangs and the led does not go off in which case you have to power off but it is a rare events.
POS improved imp rear and imp front camera.
NEG it all the basic future you want , and you will not fill that you are missing something so go for it you will not retreat it is for sure , must buy phone it classic display and very good camera also has good looks so go for it.
NEG stock camera pp sucks.also, video capture resolution could have been 1920x1080.
NEG camera is good.vice camera.
NEG camera quality is bit ok ok .
NEG camera is good but takes longer time to get the focus.front camera angle is not that wide.
POS vice display and good camera .
POS camera is very good.
NEG his has an 8mp camera and i am not much amazed at the clarity of the pictures that i have taken with the phone.
POS almost best smart phone all features working very well camera quality is very good.
NEG camera:- 10/10truly awsmmm(never imagined front camera looks like the back camera!!!.
NEG * front cam is not impressive if you take a lot of selfish.and camera pp is buggy.
POS the camera is good and the best thing is it has expandable unlike moto g st men.
NEG and the camera clarity just awesome even if in the night.
POS i am satisfied with this product , camera quality awesome.
POS overall satisfied with the performance as well as camera quality.
NEG the only flaw was he 5 up camera.the camera has some issues and goes off needs start of phone every now and then.
POS the camera is great with sunlight.
POS both front and back camera are just fine.
NEG however gets hot after prolong use of camera and watching video.
NEG no video calling option we have to download third party pp for that.
POS the quality of the pictures taken from front and rear camera of this device is outstanding.
POS amazing camera cool phone.
POS i am happy with other features of phone its looks and performance is very good liked the camera too but why is showing total space of 12.79 by.
NEG of your are a heavy camera.its video recording seems to have a problems.it bump suddenly from bright to dark video recording and this continues if lighting conditions vary very rapidly.like if you move your camera very much then it will surely happen.
NEG camera clarity depends on phone to phone.it was worst in the replace moto g than the earlier one.
NEG god cam.only defect is the cam clarity at low light.
POS however camera quality isn impressive.
NEG him sure video will drain it faster.
POS the build quality and camera are good.
NEG pic clicked in proper fluorescent light.no blurriness in pick nothing.very good pic.and as pic.same review for video recording.even in dark room u get perfect video.with no blurriness.i m locked after watching these features.phone itself have a feature called slow motion video.i click one video of .fan running very much slow in video.but actually it was in full seed.so it means u can click fast movements videos.like dance video etc. with great satisfaction using this feature.now come to the games.i tested many games in it.not these sub bay suffer temple run etc.but even i tested big games too.nfs most wanted.1.89.
POS excellent camera excellent pic/video quality round quality excellent.
POS very good picture quality and nice experience with the phone.
POS nice 8 up camera and a good 2 up camera for selfish.
POS the performance is good and the camera display are excellent.
POS camera quality is superb.
NEG i am an average user not many games just online news reading and video watching and general use.good cam(above average low light images are also decent 3.course u can save cam pick and video on it but not download video or music.to do so you have to root the device with some pp but i was sceptical, so i didn't.).
POS good camera - both front and back sons 1.
POS now about the phone one of the best 8 up camera .
POS and the camera clarity is very good where as video clarity is awsm.
NEG a good phone for an ave user.but personally i dont like the camera quality of this phone.the handsfree provided by the company is third-class.
NEG i have been using from last month no problem comes.fast software.smart looks.awewsome camera perfomance.coolest moto phone.grt budget phone.
NEG nice phone not like moto go and low hardware confirm and hangs on some points but best phone in range like camera , lollipop , fast and loud sound.
NEG were are the issues first time micro sim slot not working second time camera issue.
POS the display is plenty sharp and and bright the camera takes good quality stills and video both rear and front facing but by far my favorite part is the speakers.
POS the video quality is amazing.
NEG having problem with camera flash.once camera flash is on it doesn off until we switch off the phone.
POS the camera is very good and perform very well in sunlight.
NEG the camera is decent and very quick to start up.i actually like the motorola camera pp because it lets you access and change the settings very quickly and access to the gallery from within the camera pp is just one wipe away.
NEG anyone know any tricks to get this update to actually happen?otherwise thought its a perfect little budget phone - plenty of zip - plugged in a 32gb micro cards phone immediate reaction was to move the pictures and video to the card which is exactly what i was thinking of doing anyway.
NEG i am not an aid camera so i dont need a 2 go ram and this phone is looks class.
POS very very vice shone in this rice range i suggest wont wait to for it good camera quality good looking shone.
NEG the primary camera has been upgrade from 5mp to 8mp while the secondary is upgrade from 1.3mp to 2mp.the camera pictures are crisp and clear if you compare it with the other phone in the same range.
POS its 8mp rear and 2mp front camera are impressive and able to click some really nice shots.
NEG coming to camera 8 mp, but performance is not that much good it looks more than 5mp only not before 8 mp.
NEG camera is not of good quality if the functions are concerned though picture is of good quality.
POS camera is excellent guns very smooth.
POS good camera.
POS the rear camera is a nice one for the price and seems to have served the purpose with which it was bought.
POS i all no words to say about my moto everything is good camera quality more than a mobile and awesome auto-focus feature i love it .
NEG only good thing is gorilla glass,camera and lollipop .
POS the camera and battery-life are good and the responsiveness of the user interface on the phone is on par with my wife nexus 5 which cost $359).
POS camera also nice one.
POS good camera quality.
POS camera quality is awesome and flash is perfect 7.
POS 720p display 1 go ram 8 up camera.
NEG camera quality is very bad .
NEG average camera quality 2.
NEG there was one problem with camera it was not recording video.
NEG i am disappointment about the quality of the photos thought.
POS camera gives you vice shots at him light also.
POS camera is also good both front and back.
POS camera is good even in low light.
NEG camera v mast hair.maine but se mobile duke our ilya v much ache camera i tales the makar much 8 up me sabre ache camera motor and gen ka legal.
POS i purchased moto g and men on 27 feb 2015, it is very good mobile with very good camera & picture quality.
POS camera is good but only in day light 2.
POS i love it is very fast good camera for the price i paid i am very happy.
POS camera is also working like a charm.
NEG primary camera can be better otherwise.
NEG there is hardly difference in moto-e and moto-g except camera and size of devices both are great on their space.
POS camera is good.
POS this mobile sound quality is very good and camera is very good and photo quality is so good.
POS excellent cam quality.
POS * camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfish.
NEG vice phone with good camera.
NEG exceptional phone at an exceptional prices features and camera clarity is just awesome!.
NEG camera was a disappointment.downloaded the google camera pp it gives better fussing option but reduces the capture angle but is better than the stock pp.the 2 pg front camera is just possible and ok for occasional selfish.
POS camera are excellent for my needs.
POS awesome cadet with stunning response rocking moto g 2 men great round awesome camera speaker r boom boom no one can neglect this phone to buy.
NEG i did had camera issues on the first delivery and it showed an error camera busy and i would like to advise u to boot it in safe mode and see if it works or else immediately get it replaced.
POS good camera.
POS great camera with recent quality.
POS 3)camera-both the front and back camera is very good.picture quality is very sharp and colour tint and quality of the pictures are very rich.low light pictures are also good .
NEG good video layer 2.
POS good camera .
NEG 2)camera lens is better in this price 3)in low light condition it works good took.
NEG camera clash light - sometimes the flashlight doesn turn off even after taking photo we need to start the device.
NEG camera quality is very poor.
NEG the stock camera is not very good at all and i have "crashes" daily from different apply.
POS good camera clarity day as well as night.
POS camera quality is also very good.
NEG its more of a imp camera.the images are whitish and washed out the front cam is even worse.
NEG its done.i am using it for 2 weeks it sometimes it got stuck.:( camera is awesome,.
NEG secondary camera is good but primary camera not as good as it to be for 8 mp.camera has less settings/features.you can think for tendon 5 for better camera.
POS camera quality is very good which i feel very happy in this mobile.
POS camera is also good.
NEG the moto g and generation ) mobile purchased on with june 2015 had camera problem after a weeks.
NEG wont expect more about camera clarity.
NEG now lets start some of its negative points  the rear camera glass is having spots and minor scratches.the camera stopped responding 3-4 times in a day.
POS super cheap nice camera works perfectly in venezuela.
NEG getting burning smell some times while playing you tube video.
POS the camera is good.8mp is providing a good clarity and even the front cam took.
NEG west phone available in this price range.the camera is too good.processor is fast enough to run multiple operations at the same time.best thing is service quality of flipkart.
NEG camera does its job nice but could definitely have been better.
POS i love this phone this segment.owo nice camera display.its a nice idea for moto g compani.this speaker in great .
POS camera is awesome give clear pictures supports all the big games all runs smoothly .
NEG for camera i can give out off 10 only 8 apart from other this all are good on this prices.
POS camera quality is good but rousing takes some time.
NEG camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
NEG camera wise sky.
POS part from that 5 * for speakers display picture quality try in the presence of sun light reliable durable.
POS camera is of good quality.
NEG most liked in this product is low motion video,lolipoop update,good camera.
NEG improved imp camera 6.camera is ok ok during day.
POS good job superb camera and water resistance unfordable at this price.
POS gros : camera is best.
POS camera front and back and sterno impressed me 3.
NEG i ordered this phone from flipkart and must say their delivery is very prompt i received the product in two days everything was perfect until i saw the front camera it was showing some weird image in blue/green colours.seems like the front camera was damaged.
POS camera is decent enough.
POS the was very happy to get this phone which has lovely picture quality.
POS camera is better .
POS camera is damn good.front camera is just good.
POS good camera quality and voice is also good.
POS display is awesome and camera is very nice no laws at all .
NEG the back camera is not working.
POS camera- both primary and secondary are decent but not excellent but considering the price its oka 4.
POS camera is quite good good for normal use also liked the design slim good to have this phone.
POS the phone is really good look wise and for the prices i feel the camera did a far job took no complaints about the audit part as well.
POS good camera quality.i loved the camera quality especially the back cam which gives outstanding picture quality in absent light conditions.
POS front camera dont need actually but found it to be more than good for video calls.
NEG to apparent lagging although the camera and the display are a bit of a let down.
NEG camera is too good.downloading video and songs also not simple.
POS excellent camera.
NEG bones do come with better performance than this but above 2 points have to be compromised in that case and when u have a tight budget cons according to me could have been designed with thinner bells camera is very grain in indoor lights not designed for lollipop cannot handle phone will become slow and too much baggy cannot handle heavy multi taking and even some heavy webster will cause your come to crash sometimes.
NEG he now has tons of space for his games video and music.
NEG i was worried about performance and the camera.
NEG it gives only 2 shortcuts by default camera and phone.amazing camera clarity and ram is too good.
POS the phone works very smoothly and has excellent picture quality .
POS camera quality of pictures is superb.
POS but its camera must be appreciated as its pretty good at this price.
NEG when the camera is awesome in outdoor lightning but it is good in indoor lightning pictures get bury in low lightning condition.
NEG gros lollipop but of the box sensory display but white looks some yellow camera was just fine speakers is good calling quality stood sure android slomo video sons to customization 1gb ram.
POS all is best but front cam is not good and delivery with bluedart is best and overall about hand set super product from moto.
NEG camera 4 out of 5 need to improve user interference as pure andros given.camera quality should improve it could took low light clear pictures.
NEG the phone is bulky the picture quality is bad.
POS camera also very nice.
NEG good rear camera(only x room 2.good secondary camera.
POS both the front and rear camera are good with solid low light imagine.
NEG camera stabilization not good.
NEG this phone is just superb its camera ,display,design it not and newly installed lolipop is rocking on this device .
NEG not that from camera its average.
NEG the basic feature of dual camera phone " video calling ' is not possible with the phone using our cellular network such a poor phone!!!.
NEG its being 6 months i am using this no problem till now had a same phone nice features with living camera which is beating most bands on this price budget.
POS dual sim, front and rear camera with flash good hardware specification and especially the solid body made me go crazy for it.
NEG camera quality is good in low light and front facing camera also good no black clear view.video payable may files support excellent quality.
POS good product from motorola this mobile camera is very good that the pick which i take from this mobile are very good since mobile came which i used.
POS the phone is awesome camera is well above average the manual focus setting is very good.
NEG no games installed camera is not up to the mark .
POS moto g is definitely excellent value for money with a very decent camera.
NEG flipkart is just awesome.i ordered this in st january 2014 and received today.the product is just great.if you want an pure andros experience just go for this phone.however the camera quality is not so good as expected.
POS camera quality.
NEG only draw back it has is it heat up when using camera for a very prolonged period.
POS camera clarity is excellent and the phone comes with a novel feature of continuous flash during video recording.
POS nice performance & picture quality.
POS the good feature about this product is its camera.really good front camera and the clarity is also good.
NEG the phone lacks in good quality front camera.
POS features of moto g are very good and also the camera clarity is the best.
POS the camera quality is pretty good.
POS that i liked about the moto g 2 is its camera its really impressive.
POS the camera quality is decent.
NEG camera just awesome.
NEG shone is not bad.but the call recording feature is not exists in this mobile and other thing is with out internet it will be difficult to get the gallery photos from the internal memory.except this two things phone is good for calls,chatting,social networking,camera quality and video recording functionalites.
NEG camera quality is also nice but the video quality is not so great.
POS good camera quality.
NEG camera quality poor in low light conditions.
NEG also confirm if we can make video calls directly through this hands or not.
POS the display sound quality camera everything is really good.
POS kitkat very quickly and takes excellent photos with the 8megpixal camera.
NEG camera does not seem to be 8mp.
NEG camera is good and easy to use.(however, noise can be seen only when picture is loomed otherwise pictures are too good.
POS good camera quality with he video recording.
POS rose camera is awsome, gives a feel of a phone worth 25k-30k.
POS i like to have a decent camera to capture memories funny video etc.
NEG the phone looks awesome, looks big and slim shaped beauty of the front cam is an asset to the phone.dear cam is obviously great not to forget.
POS good camera quality in daylight.
POS instead of giving pro and sons i would like to describe the features of the phone camera : the asset of this product is the camera features.front camera is quite satisfactory and good for video calls if you are interested.speakers are good 7/10 video : excellent.camera is very good in respect to 8 up sons 1.
NEG i used this phone to fulfill all my requirements such as accepting my corporate private email whatsapp, social medial taking long video conferencing calls accepting my office network and receiving calls on my telephone etc.most office hours it was owned by my daughter who is very fond of watching couture video.it gave me very good uninterrupted video quality.
POS the rear camera is great.i was able to capture amazing shots in daylight think the front camera is also decent.
NEG its good for gazing couture video moves etc.but when it comes to pure music.the cross would not be that happy with it.although, for average users like me it is a nice experience.
POS and worth for buying camera clearly is awesome.
POS camera quality is good in low light and front facing camera also good no black clear view.
POS the camera quality is superb and so is the sound quality.
POS camera is a high point.
NEG by experience with the phone so far has been neutral after much hoped reviews and couture video.
POS good camera and all other features are as good as an andros phone can be.
NEG google maps ensure you do not get lost in your backward and the camera ensures you can tell your friends over whatsapp if you do get lost.
POS camera is also pretty decent better than i expected.
POS dear camera also have good clarity and resolution.
POS camera front and back and sterno impressed me 3.
POS the display the camera almost everything is perfect.
NEG video quality is not good.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
NEG vice display and camera.
POS camera quality is decent under sufficient light exposure.
NEG motorola advises you need a streaming media player like comcast to play moto g recorded video on your tv.
NEG his is an amazing phone with crystal clear camera which has beaten the camera of my note 2 same 8mp/2mp).in short later resistance dual speakers obviously the camera are the usp of this phone.
POS amazing phone north for buying to for it and preference is moto after shone very good mechanics amazing camera.
POS its camera is very good.
NEG couture and camera does not support 1080p.
POS camera is of excellent quality.
POS and i can put in my jeans pocket and almost forget its there liked the 8 fixed camera after giving it a good work out and was pretty well pleased with the results had read a lot of good things regarding the free google camera pp so decided to download it must say it turned what i would call a very nice camera into an even better one.i found the google camera pp does better in low light than the stock camera and i really like the features including camera blur".
POS even the front camera is quite good for selfish.
POS camera is awesome.
POS vice phone with decent camera and good display in comparison to samsung and others.front camera is ok.
NEG and its front camera actually takes better series than my road maxx.
POS camera quality isn bad at all phone signal and call quality are good but i wouldn say they are the best.
POS good camera quality.
NEG camera loose clarity.
NEG camera does the job sometimes hangout clashes but that okay.
NEG camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
NEG camera .
NEG - front cam is doing a really great job.to other than the go ram and the not so good rear cam this phone wins hands down.
POS the mobile display is very good cristal clear and its camera clarity is also nice verdict to for it blandly.his is my third day with this mobile and i charged it for 4 time till now ( i kept on playing for all three days with wife turned on good camera quality.
POS * camera - 8mp takes pick with good clarity 2mp - great selfie.
NEG primary & 2mp secondary camera is also very good.gonna explore more of its features to get it,you wont be disappointed.
POS its simple fast and takes better pictures than my camera.
NEG camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
NEG sometimes camera quality lacks in dim lights but this issue can be solved using hdr mode.seats up to around 55 degrees if you camera for more than 5 minutes 2.
NEG but found when using the camera which is amazing it runs out quickly part from that i didn find much difference as i already have moto e as well.
NEG working fine value for money the camera & performance is too smooth.
NEG online browsing very fast any mobile compare not moto-g2 dear camera clarity very super.front camera it ok mobile display unbelievable good mobile am enjoy in this product.
NEG prose good camera .
POS the camera is improved from st genu.
NEG front camera quality is less other than that worth buying.
NEG moto g hangs some time when we use camera.
POS if you want good picture quality so moto go camera is very good if you want good picture quality so moto go camera is very good.
NEG west part of this phone is its camera its produces awesome photographs both in daylight and on low light condition.
POS camera is fine.
POS it takes forever to view photos or to delete a photo.only good thing i could say is the camera works good and the speaker works goodwill and all would not recommend it at all.
POS good camera.
POS good picture quality.
NEG after i updated the phone the camera quality became worst every image comes blurred.i dont play any games but i do watch lots of video on it.good camera quality 2.video and round quality is good sons 1.
POS camera is really awesome,front and back cam gives awesome quality pick and flash makes it even better when u have low light around bought this phone only because it has great camera.micromax and all give camp it they aunt even having quality of 3.2 mp.
NEG the camera is reasonable and is a little cumbersome to use.
NEG front camera during new purchase is very awesome but slowly with use it gets degraded.
NEG sons camera is not that good.
NEG camera pp is not great !.
POS good and i just got andros lollipop now it is the best with updated version good sound camera.
POS clarity of rare camera is mind blowing.
POS front camera is good for selfish.i found only one problem with this phone is that the front camera is good but it sometimes it laws but it is good for video call and normal photo it very high clarity photo.
POS extra camera photo quality is good.
POS one of the best buy smartphone in india everything is good round is really awesome camera quality is superb one thing is not comfort is the power off on the right side and also the volume adjust which feels so hard to handle expect everything is mind blowing.
POS good barry life and camera clarity also.
POS migrate rocks.camera picture was also nice and clear.
POS camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade overall this product is very good.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
POS the camera is good.
NEG camera is a joke.coming from a phone x its prices so its expected.
POS using since almost 8 months excellent all clarity good camera good performance on this prices good build quality.
POS vice speaker better camera speedy with a vivid display.
NEG dear camera is very good but there is no any file manager application pre installed with this phone you need to download any file manager pp from play stores.
NEG i buy this phone actually i ordered this phone for my father but i must say those who are reviewing this in camera quality and saying having average camera or below average , i will say the camera is not average its above average provide u a clear picture i scanned 160 pages of book through this phone and convert in of through camscanner the camera is best u cannot say the ebook i made through this is not clear image and that with same sonya peri or it worst .
POS camera is good in well lit and outdoor conditions.
POS front speakers works fantastic and create a good experience while viewing video.
NEG but overall him very much satisfied with this hands camera quality for front camera is much more awesome then handiest at this range .
POS awesome display.wid gorilla glass 3 camera is good not the best.
POS it works fine is fast and has a good camera.
NEG moto go is awesome in all aspects but while booming picture quality is not good this is the only sons which i could notice those who have a budget of 10000 - 16000 go ahead and buy moto either spend extra unto 3000 or save unto 3000.
POS excellent phone fast great camera good appearance all you can desire from smartphones.
NEG camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good.
NEG i have moto g old version his finishing is very good but i buy new finishing moto g 2 but moto g 2 mobile some problem in finishing camera flat like not in center and pus ratification light is also not center and no any problem in this moto g 2.
POS west mobile very smooth tuning same display clarity is good camera is also clear i recommend to all buy his mobile.
POS if you want to take any mobile give first preference for this it is good in camera,android, and it is best in everything else.
POS camera dear camera of moto go is decent than many other phone in same price range.camera interface is simple,effective and very easy to use.you need accurate settings for best pick from g2.flash with auto settings hardly works so its up to u to keep it on or off.front camera is imp which is very below average.it is pretty laggy.hope they fix it in lollipop updated.watching video is amazing with front speakers though not as premium as htc dual boom speaker honest.
POS letter than buying a 400$ phone camera 720p photos same everything works well.
NEG its a good storage phone.for all pick clicked and video made.
POS the performance is outstanding look wise it deserves 5 start no game hangs on it camera quality is awesome; after comparing it with other phone at this price range it stands out to be the best.
NEG worrying about the camera???.
NEG and of course a little better camera.
NEG i took the photos use the flash .
NEG the device is good in looks camera is very good no last pp run smooth.video quality is ok, though not excellent weight of the device could have been reduced gets slightly heated up while on type video call but no complaints about call quality.
NEG camera is just awsom.
POS overall great performance by moto good picture quality of camera.good.
POS it good camera and good video quality.
POS super phone,with good camera clarity prefer this.
NEG to based on this good experience i decide to buy same phone moto go (2nd) for my wife but this time i disappointed very much from its display and camera quality.camera quality is also degraded.
POS good performance good camera excellent value for money.
POS camera performance is decent.back.panel has good rubber grip cost plays happy 1080p video.
NEG camera is like it should be for a 12 k phone packing was good and delivered on time.
POS camera quality is good enough.
NEG by child keeps playing with talking tom and kiss video but the backpanel heat up pretty quickly.
POS photos are really nice.
POS 8mp back camera is quite good at daylight.2mp front camera is good enough for selfish.
POS having quite decent speck and camera and of course the latest andros updates(lollipop 5.0) its one of the best cell phone have used till date.
NEG back camera and recording are good.front.camera is not so good but overall good experience.battery.
POS very nice camera with pretty good autofocus and lighting and autoflash) even in low-light conditions.
POS the camera is also very good.
POS camera quality is good.
NEG camera were is the big difference from the first gen.moto.the rear cam is equipped with imp autofocus camera but no image stabilizer.the front cam is imp cam and it is quite good for video calling but not that good for selfish.final verdict of u r hardware game and camera lover but dont want to burn a hole in or pocket then his device is specially for up.
POS camera is real 8mp and awesome clarity(use google camera).
NEG the camera is good.it least it is not worse than t989s camera maybe even better in darker settings due to hdr on moto g2.
POS camera quality is good.
POS such satisfied with all features and functionality especially camera.only one issue with wife when you are using wife at the top of the front camera you will feel bit of heat.at that particular time if you need to attend call it is difficult.
POS very fast phone camera is good.
NEG the camera could have been better.
POS camera quality is great,for both the primary 8 up and the front came.
NEG camera 9.5/10.
NEG camera hangs whenever i try to click pics.i have to report phone every time.
NEG after 3 weeks when my phone started working the camera stopped working and now again i have to contact the service center and god knows how much time it will take to repair.it seems to me that the hardware of my hands have some serious issues and even if i got my camera fixed there is no guarantee that some other problem wont be coming in near future.
POS music performance is outstanding and camera clarity is to the mark.
POS enjoying this but to video calling what is use of front camera with out video calling.
NEG people who need for casual everyday use : camera sms/whatsapp,facebook, calls - best for its price !!!!.
POS outcome of camera is sons but we can expect to much from the phone of this price range.
POS camera is awesome.
NEG watching moves and video are a pleasure.the phone played almost any video i threw at it.to problems with the finger as well sons camera i think motorola have compromised on the camera i have no qualms about colour reproductivity, contrast and so on.but the camera struggles to focus many times very evident when you take close up.i am coming from the nikita lucia 720 and i am already missing the fantastic camera that it had.
POS cam quality is good.
NEG such heat is produced while camera is on.
POS shone camera is very nice.
POS its 8mega fixed camera is really good and all images are very sharp.yes the first piece received by me has a defective 8 megapixel camera.i explained them regarding the faulty camera.
NEG once you play any video music your phone mid will not work properly.
POS the imp camera is very nice and that a real plus for me.
POS i using this phone around 4 months its a great phone camera quality is good.
POS photos are wonderful.
NEG camera quality is bad the phone has 8 up camera but it is worse than 5 up camera of any samson phone.
NEG motor st was not having sd slot but now and has d option moto and have imp cam but the quality of pick is not that like expected from a imp cam .
POS firstly it is a very good phone with good video quality,sound n specially the wife system is damn good.
NEG i would recommend motorola to put up a 13mp camera to their next gen of motor.
POS excellent phone in 13k, camera is better then samson imp.front camera is better than samson 5 may.video recording of this mobile (720p) is better then samson 1080p.
POS value for money must buy in the range best camera good display.
POS the camera is awesome quality.
POS excellent camera pictures are awesome.
POS camera quality is quite good i did see some concerns for the moto e camera but now in fine.
NEG both the front n back camera are too good.
NEG the has a camp camera on hers take same picture hold both phone side by side and you would think their both the same camera.don't really think this phone is a replacement temporary phone like other people say this is hands down better than the shone or any $700 phone.
NEG camera clarity and flash efficiency during night times 3.
POS the front facing camera is great for series and video chats.
POS all the features are good and camera quality is awesome.
NEG yesterday i shot a video for 2 mind duration.
NEG all over the model is very good and according to camera its good too.of you are worried about the camera than not to worry have the model and its simply some !!!.
NEG am not a camera so i canst comment on game performance.
POS compared to the htc camera the quality of the image is grain when i transfer the photos to a laptop.i loved the earlier htc phone camera.htc have the best camera even better than the shone in my opinion.
NEG sometimes camera flash light stays on even after closing camera pp am talking about graceful exit.
NEG compare to same range bones , average camera result.
NEG rear camera is awsome.
NEG about camera i had a very bad experience in the beginning.i taken some pictures without flash it was working fine and i turned on flash from auto camera was not responding.
NEG camera quality is very poor compared to any other phone available for above 10k.
NEG my daily usage is mostly moderate with frequent use of wifi, 3g, good use of camera and small games like minion rush or ruin up.watching moves and video with friends doesn take much effort now.secondary cam is a bit shake but i guess that my fault because i am not used to clinking through the front came.
NEG sons camera app is not comfortable to use.i had to download google camera but that hangs sometimes.
NEG for my social medial browsing video testing it is all i need him sure hardware users and developer would need more but this wouldn be a phone you would look for anyway.
NEG vice camera quality & mobile design updated with lollipop version .
NEG i bought moto g 2 with great expectations initially it used to work very well but after 6 month it used to have bags the sad incident is that after 6 months my moto mobile has fallen in water when i called moto service centre in tricky they asked me to pay 7000 ras to repair with that amount we can buy a new phone like asks zenfone 5 he cannot pay 7000 ras for 13000 ras phone so moto service is worst dont go for it instead go or other waterproof mobile in couture we can video mentioning that moto can survive in water for about half an hour but it doesn happened to me so dont use this product.
NEG camera 6.
NEG to problems with web browsing and streaming he video.a decent camera good pictures both indoors and outdoor.although there are not a lot of camera controls or additional features courtesy of stock android) the front dual sterno speakers are just awesome, they produce loud and clear sound.
POS good camera quality good video quality.
NEG to red eye correction with the camera.
POS all the features are excellent except that one basic function that is of video call, is missing.
POS camera fast and great android lollipop is awesome; i like the phone very much.
POS features are very good specially camera.
POS his mobile is having very good camera quality , good music .
POS camera quality is very good for daylight photography however low light and night photos have a lot of noise and doesn come out very great because of the flash not being bright enough.also disappointed with the fact that there is no mode selection in the camera such as portrait sports etc.all quality and video playback quality is very good.
NEG camera though the primary camera shoots some video at 720p(without auditor the camera just make you feel you are holding a budget phone.
NEG the camera though is quite good in low light took.front camera is also great in low light.
POS the phone does satisfy most of the other requirements and has a quite a good camera.
POS camera is improved as compared to st genu.
NEG using from past 8 days every thing seem fine like call quality no laws in multi-tasking, ok good camera for this prices but only only only only issue is battttttttteryyyy.lasts for hardly one day in normal usage gets heat up like anything if u speak for more than 20-25min surprisingly when you start shooting some photos or video hardly with in some five min it gets heatup.
POS camera quality is very well.
NEG used hands recd.when box opened the hands appeared used one.was missing plastic flaps usually covered on camera lenses.also hands is malfunctioning.volume buttons are jam.overall i do not expect such practice from flipkart.guys pus make sure the handiest are unused at the time of unpacking or else you will have to go through tough exchange process.
POS front camera is really nice.
NEG camera is ok.
NEG picture quality is not good as u want , moto e having god coloured display than go .camera is god than asks zone or p81.(chk camera wisely my hands fails to capture white at centered photo ( n if it not responds u need to start , even for face unlocking also.
POS the camera and the option for more storage , twitching to a different carrier at wish are great features.
POS must the cam is good.
POS camera is nice takes good quality pictures.to predestined picture modes either.front camera is average.
POS camera quality is awesome, even 2 up front cam takes crystal clear quality images.front cam is excellent with flash.
NEG not great camera but sky.also i found bug in camera functionality.
NEG him not a professional photographer but i still expect moto to work on the camera.
POS front and back camera quality both for photo and video excellent.
POS camera or pictures indoor and outdoor.auto focus works fine features like low motion video adds more fun 5.
POS camera quality is especially awesome.
NEG motorola and the performance,display,camera,build quality,call quality all is very good.handles heavy games and apes fine it was mitka but later updated to lollipop 5.0.2.
POS picture quality good 3.
POS joints 1)excellent camera excellent pic/video quality round quality excellent.
POS camera is good enough.
POS mentioning very smoothly , camera clarity is very fine and video recording is awesome .
POS the camera is good for on the spot pictures and perform well.
POS camera is good as compared to the previous version but not the best in segment but unable for me and for those who are not that camera julie 3.
NEG but the cam is a little disappointing.
NEG bought this phone on 10.06.2015 and had issues with the camera fro the very first day called up the customer support and took seven days of conversation and finally they understood the problem i faced and replaced the products.
POS some people have complained about sound quality and camera.sound is awesum and camera is god not excellent and front is ok ok,,,,, 6.
POS its awesome to use the camera has good clarity easy to connect the us device.
POS good rear camera,good resolution with the latest andros lollipop.
POS the camera quality is great and display is very good.
NEG improved camera the moto g and generation comes with enhanced camera.the megapixel count on the new moto g has been upper from 5 megapixel to 8 megapixel for the primary camera and 1.3 to 2 megapixel for the front camera.i remember telling people in review of the original moto g earlier this year that the front camera is okay only for video calling but not for selfish.
POS the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
POS front camera is very good with 2 m.p.primary camera is very good with outdoor photos not with indoor photo.
POS good design - fits well in the palm.battery goes out abruptly sometimes but lasts for a good period of time.nice photos and very good video @720p.
POS the breakthrough was undoubtedly the camera that has grown from 5 to 8 myxo.
NEG the camera clarity is too good.
POS the camera is good the few pictures have taken look fine.
NEG there are a lot of video over the internet which tell that moto g first variant is far better than this one in terms of build quality display and sound i senate these claims.
POS i take photos and surf the web and use only a couple of apes (instagram,feedly, youtube, etc.but for the prices and to know that i am no paying the high service price for verizon, the phone is great.as for the camera it is good enough for me.all i use it for is to take some photos of my family for which it is good enough.the photos are similar is quality of the samsung siii which i came from.
POS the only thing to improve is the camera but again for a budget phone is still pretty good.
NEG i advise to improve camera quality and and decrease weight of the phone.
POS camera quality primary camera on the phone is way too much good for a moto and secondary camera is good for video calling as it supposed to.
NEG camera quality not good .
POS video expected full he video to last.camera back cam is superb.
NEG back camera is good.front rather secondary camera doesn work properly.would have a better front camera.
POS totally worth it also camera and other hardware features are working very nice at their best.hats off motorola.
POS great picture very good camera.
POS camera performance is also very nice.
POS performance is good camera quality very good moto assist is additional benefit.
POS the camera quality is better than most of the phone in this price range and sound quality is lot better that novo.
POS i recommend watching a couture video to see comparisons.video quality couture default to 360p, but runs 720p fine for most video.
POS picture quality is good.
POS takes good photos and video.
NEG the smartphone sports a large display which enhanced the experience to watch video.
NEG camera in night not good.
POS good worth for money but bad camera really good to use liked the hands look feel and overall aspects.the sterno speakers camera and additional storage are the biggest upgrade over the previous honest.
POS camera also works good.
NEG camera quality for moto g and gen is really bad.us zen 5 has really better camera quality for imp.so if camera is important for you then dont go for moto go but everything else is awesome.
POS camera is fantastic and sound output by the speaker is great.overall.
POS rose slow-mo video recording is awesome camera quality is good.
NEG mobile become completely hanged while i am using camera in sun light.
NEG i like the camera pp that comes with the phone.
NEG primary camera.secondary camera.
POS photos are good and very user friendly(compared to my peri sp).
NEG the camera on this phone is good for the prices but bad compared to high end honest.him not a fan of google's photo viewer either because i canst tell which photos are on my sd card and which photos are on the phone.i also canst transfer photos from the phone to the sd card using the goose photo viewer something that i was able to do on a samsung).
NEG letter than average camera.camera is oka.
NEG except camera and lolipop update nothing is cool about this phone.
POS camera quality and sound quality are also very good.
POS no hanging better camera good display crisp sound.
NEG picture quality is not very good thought otherwise its a very good products.
POS process,nice front camera n back came.
POS picture quality either from front or back camera is good.
NEG rear camera is pretty good but front is also just awesome!.there was not a big difference so if you are buying phone for camera than this is good option.the sound quality was excellent and the camera was vice and in my opinion the best phone under 15000.
NEG shone usually heat up during potential activities like using camera on call watching video etc 2.camera quality is just ok.
POS d picture quality.
POS 2)the rear camera is cool captures the detailing with the focus option front is great for selfless.
POS west everything like camera performance round display quality etc are good.
NEG 8mp dear camera.2mp front camera.
NEG the camera settings are easily accessible and i suggest you play with them a bit to get the results that you like.the phone shipped with android 4.4.4 and having read that 5.0 was on its way this was one main reason i wanted this phone.
NEG you can use the camera even when the phone is locked.
NEG other local legs give the same by front camera is not up to the mark.
NEG fast very good camera 6.heats after using camera 3.
POS over all a ok phone with a nice camera the pick come out really well and the display is also very nice.
POS really good phone value for money solid build quality and sound really impressed with the phone pictures taken with the phone cam is nice.
NEG the camera is okay.
NEG camera superb negative 1.
POS great camera and the speaker is pretty good for a phone.
NEG camera - great out door/sunlight picture quality.by phone got little heat up on my first charging at side of camera but faced this only once so am not sure if its phone problem/charger's problem or my placement of mobile was not correct while charging placed near by my lawton fan which blows hot air by first product here and first review am so very happy with this phone and service provided by flipkart.
NEG camera 2.
POS camera quality is average rest everything is superb.
POS camera very reasonable.
NEG the camera is crisp and clear though it does not have image stabilization, so expect pictures to be blurred or grains under low light.
NEG camera not unto d mark but still a good came better den dose micromax nd all.
NEG great phone stock android, lollipop updated decent camera only span but its plenty fast for youtube and such.
NEG camera.
POS very good camera.
POS picture quality and video quality is really very good if you compare to any other brandy.
NEG i presented his shone to my sister the is very happy with the gift but the disappointing thing is video call option is not present in motor and men.
POS camera both front and rear are very good.
NEG i bought this phone on big billion day by exchanging my old phone sonya peri go got some problems with the micro phone speaker and camera.
POS camera quality is excellent during sun light even better than gumma 730.
POS camera quality is pretty decent.
POS i like the moto go the camera perform above my expectations and has lots of option.
NEG i always preferred 10-12k range phone for medium use like email couple of apply camera but no games.the display camera performance was very impressive.
NEG kit at waiting to upgrade 5.0 lollipop, great camera and fast.
NEG event used the camera so no comments about it.
POS camera good.
POS the camera - good camera fast focusing, great flash.overall the camera is really good at this price point.the camera could have been better in terms of sharpness.
NEG th is camera.but i dont want to say g2's camera is bad.if u want a camera phone go for lucia 730, you'll get better camera performance and camera pp too and if you are not interested in windows what can i say.
NEG despite of all settings nothing changes so the problem is with the sound of phone cam quality is poor you can go for better phone in this prize.
NEG god camera ,,,,,,,,,,,,,better than samson .
POS p.s: thank you for cupping the camera a notch.
POS good camera.
POS camera is very good.
POS android is running fast enough and the camera are taking good snapshots as i dont need them to replace my dsrl.
POS rose display is good camera is ok speakers are good.
POS rose the camera is wonderful and the pick come out sharp and brilliant as if from a professional camera.
POS nice camera view photo clarity is better than samson mobile .
NEG camera result simply superb.
POS its camera quality is very good.
POS the camera click beautiful photos and the so mo video recording are fun to look at the build quality is top notch the people who know about moto g would be the only ones guessing this devices price right.
NEG camera clarity is not bad.
NEG drains fast when we use camera the only irritating feature is auto prediction text while msgng.guys.
NEG i can also do without a few megapixels on the camera when they do little more than clot the unload pipes.so far less than two weeks this is exactly what i was looking for - a reasonably-priced, updated replacement for my increasingly unstable google nexus 4 (n4).him not often a video streamers but when i do its pretty heavy - this phone is head and shoulders better than the n4.
NEG the features of this shone is good overall but it lacks in certain points 1-camera-the camera works well in dark light as well so that good.but it could have been a notch better.also the camera is not that compatible with pp like whatsapp.it gets stuck and not easy to send images then.
NEG but the james and video run smoother on mitka in.
NEG it was working with mitka andros but as it upgrade with lollypop its performance degraded a little.its rear camera is too good capture damn good quality picture and shoot video also.
NEG front camera resolution 2.
POS greatly satisfied with the phone the camera is average and that is the only defect otherwise a great phone in such a price range.
POS camera is good.
NEG please dont waste your money in this phone because if you have required a phone with good camera so dont waste your money no return back product only replacement guarantee.i saw that semi 2 front camera is better then moto g dear camera.
POS camera 8mp does its job extremely well in day light and with hdr mode defaulted, you can be guaranteed with good pictures.
POS camera is excellent.
POS pros-features are great with good camera a true winner in this price range.
POS camera front & rear is very good.round quality display quality built quality camera quality is excellent.
NEG camera pic.quality is average.
POS value for money camera is solid and never hangs much for a decent use.
POS imp front camera is good and the primary camera is equipped with imp with flash so it gives you a boost in this budget phone.
NEG nothing negative except little heat when we take video,photos continuously.
NEG very nice imp camera with flash.it gets the job done for me but i am not the type of person who takes a ton of pictures or considered a camera expert.the pictures and video forage look great and the user interface is user friendly with plenty of option for more advanced user.
NEG the camera is satisfactory him not disappointed with it either both the primary and the secondary.
POS shone camera music video works fine.
NEG camera sometimes hangs but there are ways to overcome it room snout is a bit difficult.
NEG after reading a lot of reviews and watching undoing video i bought this phone.
POS camera quality is improved.
POS one feature is good when we record our video both speakers record sounds but when we calling both speakers are working same time and a irritating sound you listen everytime when you on call.
POS good camera.
POS picture quality is mast good phone to buy eyes go for it thanks flipkart for fast shipping and service provided by you.
POS the camera is good .
POS photos & video clarity amazing and able take pick nights with good clarity.
NEG dear camera are both imp but g has better front camera with imp versus 1.5mp for apple.g has 720p video and shone has 1080p.
POS the camera is much better than the first genu.
