charger does not come with detachable usb cable last but not least delivery is super.
headphone quality too is substandard.
performance is also very good well design and accurate delivery by flip kart headphone sound was average.hd recording is good and camera is effective on dark room (no light) at 3.5 meter only and picture is good on mobile flash light.headphone wired is not too good.file manager not found on 4.4.4
there are some lack also like battery is not superb earphone headset is not of best quality.not volume control in headset.no music change control in headset headset speaker is not so fitted with ear initially.
4) does not come with a usb cable.
the usb cable, like first generation phone, doesn't detach from the charger.
m disappointed with the accessories i got in the box headphone is really bad charger is so slow that it charges 10 to 100 in 4 hours other side i ordered the black phone and got the white charger and the headphones.
no issue with charger heating nor wid battery as said by some user.
charger gets heated.
head phone quality is very poor and usb cable not available with phone.
initially the battery will take upto 6 hours to charge but after a few days it won't take much time and please do not the motorola charger, use some other charger of samsung or sony because the phone will get charged quickly.
* charger is overheating while charging but the phone stays cool(no probs for me).
have used it for over a month, a good budget phone, headphone quality is very bad,and the built quality is not as expected or as it looks, just a single slip from ur hand can give dents and scratches to the plastic outline.
charger gone!!within 2 mnths my charger lost its life.
pro's dual sim, 1gb ram, excellent camera, good screen; quiet fast, battery backup and overall super configuration con's no data cable provided excellent configuration phone without a data cable
the only problem is its battery takes almost 4 hours to get charged by its original charger, on the other hand on using galaxy y chargers it takes 2:30 to 3 hours to charge.
please note - the charger will charge your phone slowly so as to prevent the battery from over-heating.you may get a charger with higher mah rating, but it might spoil your battery within a year.
no usb cable 2.
but the headset sound is not good.but overall nice set.
only thing is that they should have also delivered the screen guard and a data cable.
headset also a problem, my ear is paining after a long time use.
head phones are cheap quality but why the charger and headphones are white?
