3 - battery is an issue if you play asphalt contentiously it will last to 3-3.5 hrs.
yes battery drains fast but it will remain atleast 18 hours which is not bad.
atleast now they should have used 2500 mah battery for the 5inch new moto g(2nd gen) , but they have used the same 2070 mah battery.kitkat battery(2070mh) performance is good if it is mixed use.
can't comment on the battery life as of now, but it has gone pretty strong for the past 6 hrs of my moderate usage.
battery slight con from this, still good to get it !!!
however there are some big let downs: 1) the battery is not as good as the motog 1st gen 2) the body starts heating up pretty fast (after 5-10 mins of continuous use)
about the phone: battery big issue below are the problem that i am facing:- 1.battery does not last even 6 hours.
good battery performance, get one full day from a single recharge with 3g on round the clock and optimum usage.
overall performance is satisfactory... but ram and battery little bit higher wht would happen.
but battery backup is not that good compared to windows mobiles :)
awesome only one issue is that battery drain fast not very fast.
and the battery for me pasts one and a half days and best of all it has no problems.
camera is good but not the best as 8 megapixel after use of 3 months - my mobile will not give heating problem as i read from review - no single problem why to buy : 1.
features no heating problems good camera good speakers cons: a bit slow bit low quality mic
battery is another pain.it takes 4 hrs to get fully charged and drains in 12hrs of medium usage.apart from the above negatives everything is almost ok but not great.
it would've been 5 stars if the battery were better.
battery was my main concern and it's good as he makes decent number of calls.no need of charging for 3+ days without 3g....and 1+ day with 3g usage....data connectivity awesome.....nice camera....satisfied after using it for more than a month... on a lighter note, my dad's only complaint was that battery icon was too small... disappointed when got the news that chinese company lenovo bought motorola from google.
am using this as my primary phone and listening music, playing game, using wifi and getting full day battery backup.
gpu:andreno 305 good for mid range gming...some high games too... battery:2070mah can run easily for 12hrs without playing games.
performance good, all disadvantages of moto g1 gone...only disadvantage remain is its battery life.
battery backup is awesome.
battery should have been increased.
it just doesn't need any review... for battery full marks...smooth operation...camera is definitely not the best .
battery back up is very bad and gets heated.i have got moto e 2nd generation and sony xperia c. sony xperia c has awesome battery back up.but moto g 2nd gen battery back up is very bad.
pros: pure android experience no bloat wear only device with l (other than nexus) all day battery crisp display changeable back covers as always best service from flipkart.
but the battery is really disappointing.once i was travelling and was using this phone for gps navigation, to my surprise battery was empty within few hours.
best mobile at this price with great features you know all the features... cons: little heating problem only while charging everything is good
i have searched for many mobiles which are so reliable in all terms their is only one mobile moto g 2gen very good product this time it has better battery life than the 1st gen
cons : i noticed heating problem after 15-20 minutes usage.
battery average.
30 to 40 percent battery charge is going off even when it is not being used at night.
only problem with the phone is battery backup.
phone of asus is having less battery backup, xolo is having worst camera, samsung became common...
but cannot sync with fb as well as whatsapp contacts ,battery backup is not upto the mark.
but i think battery backup time is some what less.
battery backup is very good (full battery giving one full day backup with regular usage like fb, whatsapp, playstore,games etc.) 4.
i did experience some heating while playing gunship battle around the camera lens.
now regarding battery backup i can't place it neither as a pro nor as a con.
the moto g version2 battery performance is very much disappointing.
battery back up less then 5 hours.heating problem .
i have been using samsung galaxy s-advanced before this and was really tired of its hanging and battery problem.
battery backup also fine.
love it awesom handset in my budget battery backup good camera awesom display awesom response awesom looks awesom games mast hai banta bus time nahi milta thanku motorola and also to flipkart for delivering this in just 3 days
no issues with battery backup.
battery is okay.
pros: design and build quality battery is not that bad compared to zenfone5 display is good.
battery good....solid phone...................................................
the battery is not that great.
moto g problem he mobile heating problem and network error battery backup problem only white mobiles
the battery performance is very bad when compared to that of moto g and the head set sound quality provided with the device is very bad the battery is getting consumed even when no background apps are running personally i would not prefer it for any one
cons : some times i have noticed the battery drains out very fast.
battery is same to canvas so i know how to use this new phone but it is almost 24 hr still battery running on wifi and whatsapp.
phone is too good but the battery life is ok but still i will rate it five it has excellent camera which is as good as iphone 6 plus ,1 gb ram , and it has attractive looks and such a low price but the company needs to work on battery
playing games faster , hd videos playing very clear , sound is better battery is also long performing !!!!
this is phone is the best at this price only the battery should have been more better it decreases if i am using continuous internet otherwise the phone is quite good.good camera quality and good performance.the
my views pros:- *the battery life, which is the most important aspect is pretty good.
i am using moto g2 from 8th dec 2014 till date not any lagging,heating problem with havy usage(game+internet with using mobile data) battery work for single ,play game like mc5,alphalt8 with no heating and lagging, camera quality also best, i am satisfied with this mobile at this price range.only one problem is battery charging take 3hr... moto g2 is much better then grand 2 and other brand 10k price range mobiles...
all these feature in the moto g are very good but problem is that battery backup is still not so much
moto g as name suggest its nice mottu it really good to bye this mobile i got this product in discount of 1250,display camera everything is nice am enjoying it battery 16hr u will get.
only single problem is battery which goes down and is the case of all the android phone.
battery life is poor.i have to charge my motog2's battery twice a day.
only drawback is molded battery.
great phone , awesome features , good for price,fall a bit short on battery if you have excessive use of wifi and gps.
only regret that the battery could have been better.
though i haven’t started using it in full swing, on start up i found some unerasable/unscrachable/unremovable logo marks (specifically battery & back cover logos).but this is not working for the battery & the back cover logo.
battery backup is poor 2.
battery lasts for a day with good usage .
excellent product even though battery back up is not upto the mark.
camera on both sides are decent enough resolving enough details.although, in some other phones , the front camera is more focused on selfies, but the one in moto g2 is decent enough for video chats and casual selfies.and yeah, i feel that the battery could have been a bit better.
the only problem is of battery.battery drain very fast.
battery is lasting two days for me which is better than my previous lg l9.
battery back up also good.
only battery is just satisfactory.
its almost 3 months using this mobile, till now no issue, best phone under 12k with good performance, features and reasonable battery back up.
google camera gives superb results) battery - 6/10 (battery back up is good, but i'd rather have a higher capacity battery) i opted for this phone over zenphone 5 because of stock android.
if they change the battery model i can say moto g 2 is best smartphone
in these phone all features is good but battery back up is 2020mah it's too low compare to others phone,phone will get heat during charging if we are using internet,games.
note: battery is the only problem it has just 2070 mah power.
6: battery life: very bad.if you are looking for good battery life not a good option but for the price its a beast.i personally felt the build quality could have been better and battery also.
the phone has good build, great display and battery backup.
battery- avg ( last for 10-12 hrs ) even on avg use of phone.
i dint found any problem till now...battery is also good ...very fast.................................:)
cant hear what the other person is telling and also he cant hear what i am saying,bad quality speaker with full of jigling sound even when not in use,sim slot 1 was not detecting,automatic off,hanging,heating,wifi complaint etc.so its my request for people going to buy this not to buy motorola(brand) instead you can buy indain brands.if you are not believing me ,you can buy this.but
but the battery life could be better.
motorola is back with bang.fully loaded with power and battery all features are good .
yeah we can say that the battery sucks .
i ordered the phone on its launch day....flipkart was giving so much offers on launch day...but almost all were useless....delivery is on time...the phone is a good one with very good performance...initially battery performance was very bad....but after a few days battery performance improved....the rear camera is very bad with respect to a nokia with carl zeiss lens....low light performance is below the line.
battery life is low.showing some errors like battery suddenly drops to half.like that
easy handling n good specs at this price level..............................................................................................................camera is ok....and battery hardly last for just one day.
battery 2070 mah 4.16 gb, 1 gb ram, microsd, up to 32 gb 5.
battery backup is not good... charging also taking so much time.
better use some battery doctor application.
the battery life is average about 7-8 hours of moderate usage and about 4-5 hours of heavy usage.
overall performance is good but battery charging rate is poor.battery capacity may also be increased with such a big size phone.
i bought this phone every thing is good but battery drains fast.what is the use of smartphone if there is no smart battery life.
battery backup is good.
starting it was fine but nowadays it's heating up like anything just playing games, videos or browsing for ten minuets.
more features like battery % in text 2.battery life is avarage and if taken care of can make this phone a great phone.
long battery life 5.
the battery must be more powerful one.
but some cons: 1) takes 3 hours to charge full battery.
heating issues are there but after a week or so its solved.no hanging, laging, heating or network drop issue.
phone have 2 prbs .1 not removeable battery,2charging vvvery bad phone working 3g 2g simple super .
battery is average.battery could have been better.if you watch movies or listen to songs , the battery dies in less than 10 hrs.recommendation : if you travel a lot, better buy a battery bank or buy some other phone
cons: 1) battery backup is real issue like any smart phone,, it can allow you to run 24 hours backup for medium user for heavy user battery die in 12 hours max.and in case of wifi user it will give poor battery performance.
the main problem with this device is its battery backup.
battery should have been atleast 2500 mah.
the performance is beyond expectation , battery life is decent , solid design with a gorgeous look, the front facing speakers adding to the beauty.no issue of heating or lagging yet .
the mobile is amazing..... good camera clarity , voice clarity during calls was too good, it gives me more than 1 day battery backup... finally it is an amazing phone im using this from past 3 moths n i didnt got any problem.... amazing gorilla glass 3 my phone fell down from 5 feet 3 times and still no scratches.
this handset contains all the features which the buyer desires.but the disadvantage is that this handset has very short battery back-up time and its battery needs very long time to charge.this is the only drawback in this phone but instead of this, this phone is awesome.
superb best phone ever ....only battery is little worry but its manageable not like samsung.
i am using this phone, this is very good phone at this price, camera quality is too good, but battery is not so good.
using last 2 moths facing no problem except faster battery drainage.
3)battery is average , need to charge everyday even with normal usage.
battery need to improve.
talking about service- ***** taking about phone- **** -* just for battery , only for battery , completely disappointed with battery life.
good battery life overall i am not disappointed by this second purchase from motorola.
huge mobile, low battery power, hangs on middle of full movie watch.
about the phone value for money, only cons is the battery drains quickly.
only remark is its battery is not satisfactory, when i say satisfactory, it is up to me, some of my friends say this is good.
everything is nice except the non removable battery and i feel little thicker.
much-improved camera strong battery life solid, well-built design one of the best of the best phone within 13k wht to say abt it its simply awesome from the house of motorola .
cons: * battery backup is not good(requires 2 to 3 recharges a day if connected to 3g/2g all day plus games for 1 hr and browsing 30mins and location sevices for 1 hour) and battery one percentage drops every 10 to 15 mins, * motorola should atleast give 3200mah battery for all the moto e,g,x series.
product is good but having some problem with battery get heated and on large volume voice clearity is not so good
battery drops quickly, have to use many battery saver apps to use it throughout the day.
excellent , awesome, amazing, i just love it.... everything is good the color sound and much more things but the battery backup is not gud at all if you would go for internet surfing the battery turns up to the low level....
pros :- the phone is slim and easy to carry the phone has a good battery backup.
excellent mobile in 13k, budget phone pro's good display quality excellent camera quality good stereo speakers no hanging issue no heating problem good battery backup
good to have removable back shell atleast, so that we can use different coloured back shells only dropout i felt badly with this mobile is battery backup.definetly if u r is travelling out of staton, one should carry backup battery for sure.
battery is good 3.
problem of signal dropping, battery life too low, take too much time to get fully charge............................overall it works average...........
main reason to chose moto g is for battery backup.even though zenphone has 2gb ram under 10000 price tag, it lacks in battery backup.much satisfied with the battery.
its really worth for the price and good battery back up.
poor battery performance.need to improve a lot on battery.
working good with good battery power.
all over phone is best but battery not suit to phone.battery only 6 th hours on working data connection.
5.3000 mah battery.
i bought this phone 2 months back...performance and battery backup is so nice.... waiting for android upgrade :)
the battery life is great and lasts upto a day on heavy usage.
its really a very gud mid range phone and battery is just awesome n camera is juss awesome n no issues gud work by motorola n google
heating issues during call and all application installed via google play gets corrupted and photos stored in sd card gets deleted automatically replaced the product 1 times and finally returned the product to flipkart.
good handset with good battery backup (2g mode).
