this phone is gud as per its price.has excellent camera.which when u compare it with lg l90 8 mp is far better.its been 19 days m using this phone.had captured photos around 800,only there i found some hanging problem.backup is fair enough for the day.sound quality is not so good as expected.
8mp camera captures with superb!!front camera is also awsome!!
camera: decent enough.
the 8 megapixel camera does its job well.
front camera is good 8 - take much time to get charged, more than 3 hr from 0 to 100% final words it is a better option if you are not an hard core gamer even after that you have to charge it twice a day.best for an office guy.
awesome sound quality and camera too.
camera : 8 mp main cam & 2 mp front.
that said, this is a decent device with middle ranking specifications and a camera that's just ok for casual photography.
cornila gorilla glass and hd recording with 8mp camera are a big among other features.
but overall i'm very much satisfied with this handset camera quality for front camera is much more awesome then handsets at this range .
its a budget phone with all features pros: video clarity ,sterio speakers are good cons charging is not that much good camera is not great in night time with flash
camera 8 mp/2 mp with led flash 3.
the primary camera is not working properly.
the camera quality is great front facing is also not bad, works excellent in day light.
grt display, grt handling, and camera is too good.
sound is excellent, not like chinise phone, camera is also very good, bettery life is also very good , in normal use my bettery last for 1.5 day, and also it will come with android 5, so only some of phone has given surety of android 5, motorola is one of them, it is very good phone, go for it, it is my personal experience.
htc desire looks amazing but lags in camera and performance.
camera is very nice.
the mobile is good one but the camera has some problems it turns on the flash light and after rebooting only the flash turns off.
camera n clarity is super good.user interface is good.the storage both internal and external works fine with good apps(es3 file explorer) con's : as you might have heard the network issues .
camera:8 mp rear camera for hd recording as well as sharp snaps. . .
but gradually ended up very dissatisfied by the quality of the 2 mp front camera.it is not comparable to nexus 5, another phone with a 2 mp camera.primary camera: great quality.secondary camera: below par.
everything from voice call, music player, camera, web browsing seems enjoyable.
good camera, display and hardware specs.
the 8mp camera is flawless.
camera does not seem to be 8mp.
once you play any video/ music your phone mic will not work properly.
3) picture quality of camera is good front(2mp) as well back(8mp).
good camera.
camera also good
camera is pretty good as well,
pros: everything is good cons: phone ll heat up if u use the camera for more than 15 min
the phone works very smoothly and has excellent picture quality .
camera: it has 8 mp primary camera that produces great detailed images and good colors.
camera.only a fool would say that the camera quality is very good.
superb display , good camera , nice audio video playing capability, web browsing is good experience.
primary camera.secondary camera.
has 8 mp rear camera and 2 mp front camera 2.
camera picture quality is good.
i liked the moto g2 camera.i used nexus 4 before, but moto g2 camera qualit is very good.
camera quality is good both front and back cameras are good you can install camera zoom fx to take pics.that app can truly increase the quality of pics.u can get it from play store.
the camera is awesome quality.
camera quality is quite good, i did see some concerns for the moto e camera, but now im fine.
camera: a)front camera-this is the best thing about this phone.the 8 m.p camera works better than 12 m.p camera of other indian brands like micromax etc.personal suggestion- download and use google camera app instead of inbuilt camera app.as google camera app supports various modes for camera like photo sphere, paranoma, lens blur and better hdr mode.front camera- 2 m.p.it is also good for taking selfies.
camera is ok.
cam quality to be improved.
camera not good.camera stabilization not good.
camera quality and sound quality are also very good.
moto g2 comes with great looks, is pretty handy and the camera is upto the expectations too.
very good phone, v.good camera, good features, very sleek but it has micro sim so i have to cut it and just in 13k
decent photos from the 8mp camera 5.
superb camera.
the camera is also awesome.
camera is also good.
better than asus zenfone5.primary and secondary camera quality is also good.must go for this if looking for a phone under 14k.
camera is pretty good as well, much better than the 1st generation moto g.
it doesn't produce great photos - but they are good enough to share on whatsapp.i usually rely on my sony camera for any serious photography.
maybe if i am running too many apps and want to switch from google play to camera.i dont' use the camera much.
* front cam is not impressive if you take a lot of selfies.and camera app is buggy.
but g2's camera is far more better than its.
cons: camera is not that good.
supportive handset with good display, but off late it had started hanging for few seconds, over all sound quality, camera and robustness is good with pretty feature and is price worth.
good camera and all other features are as good as an android phone can be.
video calls hangs or are not clear.camera is good though.
camera is better then nexus 5.
the camera and video quality are verisimilitude to the real world.
good camera quality 2.
overall satisfied with the performance as well as camera quality.
camera is not as good as discussed on flipkart.
camera is awesome, slow mo 720p is perfect.5 stars fpr phone display,camera.
it has a 8mp primary camera and 2mp secondary camera which is far better, when compared with its predecessor.
its a very good phone ever i had used so far.awesome camera .
this phone is very good with its shining features like 1gb ram , 16gb internal storage , 8mp camera etc.
:d :d awesome in all display 10/10 sound 8.5/10 weight 9/10 camera 9/10 best in all class .
moto g is definitely excellent value for money with a very decent camera.
low light pictures in camera exteremly good.camera not that top notch but not complainable.-good
best part of it it has a good camera with focus and burst imaging.
having quite decent specs and camera and of course the latest android updates(lollipop 5.0) it's one of the best cell phones i've used till date.
its front camera of good clarity for taking selfies.
this product has all the features and makes it as very handy smart phone, my sister likes this product and she is happy with the product, specially with the camera quality.good work motorola, very good come back !!
front cam or back cam .
camera clarity depends on phone to phone.it was worst in the replace moto g than the earlier one
i have tried holding it for longer times too but the same thing happens yet it does not turn on (watched you tube video for doing so).
excellent camera which is a marked improvement over 1st edition which i purchased for my daughter.so stopped carrying my camera.
the camera is decent with a front camera also.
all applications and camera quality good even though without charge how can i use.
the camera is good .
