excellent display and upgradable android lolipop camera is decent at this price tag build quality is moto
only issue i have seen is with my piece it's not detecting memory card, which is very crucial.
it is veery cool, and very easy to handle it , now a days thise type of mobile substitute for samsung mobiles, moto g 2nd gen is veery cool, it has memory upgraded facility, 1gb ram is veery cool for playing some heavy games, and thise mobile gives rich look.
i like external memory card support and big screen
expandable memory - additional advantage moto g(1st gen) with the screen size of 4.5 inch had 2070 mah, which was the one of the drawbacks of the phone.
camera is superb no hanging after inserting 32gb memory card and having data more than 10 gb data speed is much and much better than other smartphone like samsung grand series and low range galaxy series.
upgradable to 5.1 awesome.
flip kart delivery is good, mobile working fine , after one month i'm facing memory card slot problem.automatically memory card removed icon came ... after memory card formatting placed again working , fine.i don't whether problem in memory card, mobile phone issue.
good cam good front cam good speakers average charger good battery perfect display size below average display good voice quality dual sim expandable external memory good in build memory android 4.4.4
i got it a week ago and fell in love with this mobile moto g 2nd gen has a better processer and better features... ofcourse upgradable 2 the latest software 2 date.
in march 2014 i have purchased moto g 16 gb first generation, the only issue was unavailabiity of memory card slot.
android os, v4.4.4 (kitkat), upgradable to v5.0 (lollipop) 2.
5 inch and expandable memory.
good camera and display good internal memory and nice features battery back up is above average.
it is upgradable to the latest android l "lollipop" and motorola claims that it will always provide the latest android to the phone.
16gb memory brings everything in your hand and this one has a otg(on the go) support too.
kitkat with 16 gb internal memory and 8 mega pixel rear and 2 mega pixel front camera.
the best part is we get an option of expandable memory along with 16gb of internal storage.
*i have seen people losing their cool, as half of a mobile's feature is nullified because of low internal memory.
everything is perfect with this phone, its camera, processing speed, display ppi, battery backup, internal memory.
all things are good like memory,sound(2 speakers ) ,speed display etc.
upgradable to android lollipop.
expandable memory.
in first view, it is the best phone (budget) but in reality the product is stuck.no matter it have 16 gb in-build memory and allow to use around 12 gb.
data speeds awesome, overall performance is good, with the price what we afford, most important is that the same can be upgradable to android 5 verson (lollypop).
mobile look like nexus its ui is much good ....waiting for lolipop which will also be upgradable.
the cell phone is great but they messed up with the memory management of the android.
memory.
