great picture clarity...fast processor to work with.
its simply awsome in my terms.... built quality is awsome.... i droped it from 4 ft of height facing screen.... bt didnt get a single scratch on it... speed is superb.... high end games like asphalt 8 etc can be easily access.... i used from 3 month n till now , i didnt got any issue..... so go for it guys.....
the product : pluses good call quality & nice speakers decent camera for outdoors doesnt crash or freeze as my lumia used to.
2) processor: moto g runs on 1.2 ghz snapdragon arm based processor, on the other hand asus runs on 1.6 ghz intel x86 based processor.1.2 ghz qualcomm processor which allows you for multitasking.
no lag.
i have purchased moto g 2 in september and till now it is going very good, its interface touch,camera,speed,battery backup are mind blowing.
the phone hang when you download a few apps from the store.
good smooth interface as it contains quad core processor.
the phone is looking superb,light weight,i tested this product by surfing the internet continusly for 9 hours till charge remains 7%,i played games for 2 hours continuously i heats only very little its negligible, even u can avoid that by cooling by means of cm security, the phone is superb speed but don't install high end games
the mobile wont hang for any load.
overall good there is a little bit of lag on camera app.
moto g 2 is a quality and powerful beast at this price the company provides the latest updates the build quality is good, the performance is good comparin slate 6 and zenfone and grand prime ,the stereo speakers are awesome in the loud and clarity, at last the 720p display makes a crisp for viewing angles along of quad core processor and with 1gb ram benchmark scores: antutu-20785.
qualcom snadragon 1.2ghz processor 1gb ram 16gb internal what else do you need guys??
this is a unique replacement for all the expensive phone in the market.... worth money, no lag, super awesome display....
since specs are available on the net, just a quick notings of experiences:- pro's - good solid build and feel - flip cover also available on flipkart strongly recommended - good camera both in still and video - average battery life - gorilla glass screen - no screen guard required con's - a little under powered - lag while switching apps / sluggish response - mini sim so get yours cut / changed in advance :) - camera could have been better for the price point and reliable performance - recommend it !
pros : camera quality is marvelous , processing speed is good too .
there is no issues of heating or lag in this phone, after a week of continuous usage.
configuration is good, but make is cheap, already power button is loose enough to hang out.
it is apple of india next to nexus :p the phone speed is awesome, thanks to motorola to add new things in moto g and make it moto g2 .
the second one i got had the same problem, and also its battery was draining at a super fast speed.
the phone is without any lag and battery does stay like 2 days.
i am using this phone from last 1 month and have never experenced any lag .
processor: moto g2 has snapdragon 400 soc in it.which provides great power to it and phone runs very smoothly, no lag at all.
cpu speed.the phone does lag.
worth buying guys...much better than samsung...it does not hang...but ya sometimes it get heated.
amazing mobile with features such as the next android update as well as a ram, processor and display!
it capture great photos, have a smooth touch, incredible speed and hd display.quad core processor.
2)speed is nice, web browsing is excellent, plays all games well.
has snapdragon qualcomm quadcore processor and adreno 305 7.
good speed, no hang ups, battery charging life moderate - may be because of my continuous data usage.
only drawback is quadcore processor, instead of octacore...
very much responsive, notice no lag or delay.
everything is awesome as according to your budget, dont think so much that ram 1gb processor not latest.
voice quality is superb it gives good 3g speed in compare of other smartphones on the same network it's 5" but not bulky due to its curved design bes position of speaker for loud sound.
no lag, smooth performance.smooth processor.
since first days phone has issue, frequently getting shutdown,, battery down within 15-30 mins, phone hang.
my samsung mobiles used to hang.this phone got pretty speed.
* price a little higher(2000 may be) considering the processor and graphics card and chipset same as moto e. * almost doubled the price of moto e for just camera and bigger display?
phone is having excellent speed & display quality.
mobile is in not good not bad state, many things are appraisable, camera, processor, external sd card support.
(have to restart for that) been a week of use and its already starting to lag.
after using samsung for two yrs, it was time for different brand and after lot of pondering i stuck to moto g2, using it for the last twenty days i can say that its simply superb, performance is ultimate,no lag at all, dont worry about ram, in my case i was bit worried but after using it, i felt that its very much compatible with hardware.coming to the battery life, its not that bad, average users can easily go for a day, while moderate to bit high end user need to charge.still under 20 k segment, it is the best phone to buy, just go for it.
i am using this phone since six months pros: display, sound, performance super, does not hang.
phone is not up to the mark as it always hang.
*the phone does not hang at all as against the other low cost phones which have flooded the market.
i a using this phone from 2 month and i have played games on it without any lag.
good and fast processor - no lag 2.for some high end games processor has some lag.
there's no lag(even while loading heavy games like fifa 15 or ashphalt 8) and all my apps run smoothly.
its exceptional speed,butter smooth touch ,8mpfront&2mp rear camera (pacca clear clarity) .
excellent product from motorola think better will get better experience i got this phone 2 weeks ago stunning performance excellent speed awesome design average battery backup in 3g conditions and good one day backup under 2g conditions i loved a lotttt
there is no lag of the applications and medias.few negative points i have noticed are - charging speed is slow - camera is average, but again in this budget it is good
flipkart as usual your delivery speed was just awsome and in case of the product thebest phone u can get at this range only problem i facing is shutting down of apps due to lack of ram
its very cool mobile, most important after downloading all necessary applications, it is not yet hanged, speed is good, filpkart s services are also excellent.
