screen brightness under the sun is less could have been a bit more bright.
now as a customer try and understand how i would feel agreed that the mobile number was incorrect but the email id was correct an email could have been sent that "please contact us in 48hrs or 72hrs since we are not able to get in touch with you due to your incorrect mobile number & i you don't contact your order will be cancelled".
pics look good in camera itself but when view on standard lcd desktop/laptop,it looks avg.
coz high games like asphalt, have to be played at low resol otherwise even with medium graphics it crashes out, same with other games.
battery life of ~20 hrs with calls of 30-45 min, wi-fi on 10 hrs, rest on 3g, social media usage, email checking & game playing of maybe 20 min useful apps out of the box minuses camera for indoor/low light photos screen shows blotchy reds and faded blues gps first fix takes a very long time ~6-8 min (a big minus for me) charging time is high at ~4 hrs.but at this price, i'd buy it again, not the brilliant zenfone 5, which is as good/better in some areas, except 2 - i found moto g a bit easier to hold and use singlehandedly, the battery life is better than asus, with the better screen being asus usp over moto g.
the screen size is a good advancement over the previous iteration.
moto g2 ,its camera work very well main and front both are good , it work perfectly and the touch is amazing.its
the only area i found dissapointing was the brightness area.
decent value for money product with a decent build quality, bright screen and overall performance.
flipkart service - 5/5 mobile phone : touch : 4.5/5 camera : 4/5 overall : 4.3/5 u can go for this one if u want a descent phone with good features .
big screen.... ...even though the shocking thing is long battery life....!!!!
and one thing to be said in right side small corner touch caliber wrong scene, but that is nothing to worry about it.
best phone with 5" screen size i bought it for my friend he is vary happy with this.
just missing exposure on camera and hi resolution 3d graphics fully not supported.
on exchange i got a working model the 2nd time only when i realized that the first one delivered by flipkart was probably a used one because it had a clear screen guard already on it which i thought was the usual protective one received from the manufacturer.but the new one's screen protector had specs printed all over it.
everything is fine with phone except touch screen.sometimes touch is not working properly.
though it has a gorilla glass 3 i have noticed some scratches on the screen so please ensure that you put on a screen guard as early as possible.
if i would use any type of screengaurd my touch screen would start to act funny.but the screen turned yellow and the buttons went inside the body.
screen display and touch quality is good.
overall the touch is smooth and nice and so is the performance but what i feel is missing is: 1.launcher and lock screen customization 3.
unlike "copycat micromax" adn, who use shitty processors or "shame-sung" fooling people, this quad core will give you amazing performance, and fast graphics.
big screen, best mobile
my take on moto g 2 : screen touch : awesome.
this is mainly due to big screen and small resolution.
average touch battery backup not good both sim not working in 3g mode.
what we need is smooth touch & fast processing.
mobile screen had got vertical lines (got in replaced from service center - it took 15 days) 2.
the 5inch screen is also really great.
my complaint number - 32226365 - still am not getting replacement set my touch is not working from the day 1.
mobile pros: good screen while using in sun lite.
i picked it up and was shocked to see the broken screen.policy is not the same for indian customers, outside india they are aware of this issue and are replacing the screen for free but here they are charging over 6k.
overall the phone is very good to hold and in perfornance but the one i received had a bright spot near the centre of the screen which was clearly visible on lighter backgrounds.
the phone i received had fused led on the screen.
the thing that i don't liked was the screen was not showing battery percentage on top .
although the phone is good,the screen is too fragile,it broke completely after i dropped it from a pocket height and moreover motorola is reluctant to replace it in warranty.unsatisfied with the services and build quality.
awesome camera , grear graphics .
screen: moto g2 has an awesome 720p screen which is awesome, great quality, colors and everything.
pros: screen size.
and here are my observations 1)built quality is good, screen looks good, camera is good(front camera is average).
pros good camera quality processing is fast worth for money cons some times it get hanged need to switch off and on continuous use of wifi drains the battery soon touch response is not as good as 1st gen looks bulk in hand
with 294 ppi hd screen... camera quality is good both front and back cameras are good you can install camera zoom fx to take pics.install mx player or mobo player that can decode any video formats and can play mkv,flv,avi files etc..5 inch screen good enough for me to watch videos and all 13k worth buying...
it's an awesome phone in this price bracket.... the screen quality is great and the camera is just amazing.
easy touch.
i have ordered this phone however got a damaged one with cracked screen...was worried as there is negative publicity about fk return policy where executive deal customer as james bond but my experience was entirely different...with much worry i explained the condition to the lady executive...who shows empathy to my cause and without any "chick chick".
amazing screen 2.full hd screen cons: 1.
nice screen size and good graphics.
the size is as large as nexus and takes a day to get acquainted to after you've used a 4 inch screen.
touch is smooth.
very good flat screen,loud speakers,gr8 colour,and a very good battery backup.i bought it in offer @ 11599/-.
about the product this is an awesome phone with good screen performance battery backup with full time on wifi and playing games in between.
other mobile of the range can't touch the bottom line in performance and in price.
using this from the last 3 months, i can say this is a good pick among the mobiles in the same range, audio, screen, size, portability etc., everything is good.
no lagging and very smooth touch.
moto g 1st gen there is a lot of problem such as charging is not particular,the screen quality is not that good that in moto g2,camera is better in moto g2,screen size is more in moto g2 than moto g
the touch is good and smooth.
bigger screen size compared to prev generation helps.
negative things are battery and dpi for screen.
touch was not that much smooth.
the touch from extream right and left end of the screen is not working properly when i have to drag from the corners.camera at the lock screen is very difficult to get it out , same in the case when i have to get the status bar when the screen is rotated horizontally, it comes down after some tries.
playing games with such a riveting graphics quality is a feature that can only be explained while experiencing.
it has big 5 inch screen with superb build quality and design.
screen is vivd 295ppi.battery back up is for more than one day for me( wifi 24 hr even in office and home+low brightness whole time).all is set for 12 hours ( full time wifi on and 40% screen brightness ) phone is bit slow while switching to apps while playing games.battery is kind of drawback but screen resolution pics are amazing.
the battery back up is good & touch is also good.
its a very good phone ever i had used so far...awesome camera .... high resolution, screen sensitivity , long lasting battery back up.
its 5" hd screen is very responsive.ram is good.
good hd screen.
using phone from last 20 days phone is actually too goood and having very good touch music and camera quality is also awesome overall this mobile is best in less then 15000 budget battery is have some less back up due to 2070 mah but overall is good mobile .... go for it without any tension...
touch is good.
touch is very smooth and fast.
screen ppi and color vividness could have been better.the screen brightness in in default without brightening is too too low , even for indoors in a half lit room.just increase the brightness by one point and every thing is fine.
got the delivery before the due date good service flipkart now about the phone screen is great voice is clear but the battery backup is not up to the mark look wise good phone but bit boxy type overall its good having this set.
this phone is just brilliant.as we already know that its a budget phone with some nice specs but my phone is having one severe problem for which i am suffering till date that sometime my phone's touch goes unresponsive and after a reboot it starts operating normally.i
handy, touch is great.
when i do the method of keeping the power button pressed for 120 seconds but the screen doesn't turn on.
