battery is a bit poor though, last almost 7 to 8 hours on single charge while using heavy internet and gaming.
willn't talk about specs but below are some points to consider before u buy it 1 - good mobile if you are an office guy.good ui exp.3 - battery is an issue if you play asphalt contentiously it will last to 3-3.5 hrs.i have used other mobiles at 10k segments & they last for 5 hrs below is the battery life while using cont, having battery saving on & with battery doctor : high game like asphalt - 3-3.5 hr, temple run -5 hrs,camera - 4 hr, music - around 4.5 hr, wifi - 4-4.5 hrs, currently i play temple run for 1 hr in a day, 1 hr on call with 2g check whatsapp, gmail & fb check after half an hour each just for 5 min & having dual sim inserted & i get battery backup of around 5 - 5.5 hr 4 - sound (music) is loud but not enough clear still acceptable 5 - good grip, easy to use & good look 6 - some heating prob while using camera & gaming 7 - camera is 8 mp but is awesome.
battery backup is pretty good with average calls, gaming and net surfing.
software- pure android experience and getting updates time to time #lollipop coming soon.
pros - well built , fits perfectly in the palm with a good built - very good battery life - clean efficient os - good camera even though its an 8 mp - excellent touch and display quality cons - voice call quality could do better overall its a top class phone in this price range, you might get better specs better speed better ram by other brands in this 13k range , but this performs better and is very much stable in os.
pros include latest os which will be updated to android l or lollipop, and the almost stock android experience is really nice.
overall i am good with the moto g. display, sound and software is great as expected.moto needs to work on the problem, probably a processor update or software improvisation can solve this problem.
as usual airtel having some hidden terms like, you should use this offer for only to download apps and software ( this is the reason airtel customer care gave me).
pros 1 good software updates 2 great display in its class 3 good value for money cons nothing
kitkat os overall very happy with this product.
battery power management in the os is also not good.
android os, customizability, roms and what not.
clarity,storage capacity,camera,os,phone look very nice and excellent.
*best budget smart phone pros: vfm, features, durability, android stock os, better performance, less heating, compatibility, branding, gaming.
it is a good purchase and it has good battery life which lasts upto one day with gaming etc., a wonderful 8 mp camera with flash.supports games.works fast.
this one just satisfied all my needs pros: bigger screen latest android os stereo speakers otg supports dual sim cons: earphones sucks, but use better earphones or headphones.
the speakers are loud enough and gaming experience is awesome.
(no gaming or nor heavy calling) network is not detected all of a sudden.
apart from this im playing asphalt 8 and dead trigger 2 without any lag and heating issue so gaming is also awsm, in short best buy.
latest os 2.
used it for months now i have started using more more brightness and high end gaming with graphics.
it's an amazing product from motorola i have a problem that on screen buttons won't hide while gaming it's a major issue to me
but this phone has got a killer design, great ui, no bloatware and decent specs.
good battery backup gets latest software updates good camera if u know how to set focus big display and good resolution cons: not very handy
only con is the battery, but since i'm not into heavy gaming, it lasts 24 hours easily for me.
*better gaming experiences than the old version due to larger display.
coming on details cpu:a quad core cpu stunning fast speed in gaming and internet use and other comman operation.
could have done with a better customized ui , stock android (even though the latest kitkat) feels very cheap and nothing special.but this can be overcome by purchasing everything me launcher or themer app which is the greatest in ui customization home replacement available today in android store.
pure android ui is smooth enough.
moto g2 2nd gen is a good phone when it comes to the screen size, looks, clarity, audio quality, gaming, speed and so on.as a phone would rate 3/10 as a gaming and video/audio device 8/10 trust broken.
performance: 4 / 5 software: 5 / 5 display: 5 / 5 camera: 5 / 5 battery life: 4 / 5 design: 4 / 5 value for money: 5 / 5
software is upto date, camera is excellent, even in low light.
i think this may be resolved in the next software update.
good screen , camera, looks, nice to hold, nice os ( almost stock android) , decent processor.
really worth for appericiation , best handset you can get in such an affordable price, just the thing lagging behind is the software which rarely gets up dated and don't have quick search menu for applications and also don't have file manager tool of its own.
i got this phone 2 weeks ago and till now i have no complain.flipkarts service was great again delivering the item on time.at 13k we are getting a good smartphone with a promise of getting software updates in the long run.in short its a value for money.
gaming experience is much good !mobile look like nexus its ui is much good .
good product with timely software updates.
finally when it was my turn, this was what was told to me: any software problem will take minimum 3 days, and any hardware problem will take atleast 10-15 days.
good performance in gaming.
dude many people complain about the battery life & software problem.but for me i've never faced any battery life & software problems.
build quality - 8/10 ( the volume and power buttons are flimsy ) looks - 10/10 ( surely the best looking phone at this price range ) display - 7/10 (display is sharp and bright, still can't match up to sony's) sound - 10/10 (might sound funny, but the speakers are loud enough to put my laptop's onboard speakers to shame) call quality - 7/10 ( maybe bsnl to blame, but call quality is not up to my expectations) ui - 9/10 (vanilla android) camera - 7/10 ( the default camera app needs improvement.zenphone has a nice ui, but it becomes a burden after a few months.
1- gaming is hd and awesome 2-processor quite good 3-best catch serves lollipop(why i bought this fon) it lags a bit after ive used for 2 months now but i think it will b fixed with the coming lollipop upgrade.
has latest os 5.
best mobile recommended to purchase for all purpose usage like gaming, surfing, chatting.
battery performance with stock android ui makes it look good.
